News by FinTech Collective
Co-Founder, FinTech Collective
Software Engineer at Fintech Collective
MBA Candidate, The Wharton School
Director of Investments @ FinTech Collective
News by FinTech Collective Archive
Human wealth advisors under siege by robo counterparts
	Robo advisors are becoming commonplace thanks to their considerably cheaper offerings than those provided by human wealth managers. The transparent fee and no-conflict-of-interest 
is appealing to a new generation of investors (over 60% of robo advisor clients are under 35). As a result, robo advisors are doubling their AUM every few months, but the $20b currently under management is still tiny compared to the $17t managed by human advisors. 
Schwab’s arrival was discreetly celebrated as a validation of the automated advisory model. A truce of sorts seems to be in the offing. Betterment now offers a “white-label” version of its platform, so that human wealth advisers can pass off the computers’ diligence as their own. Fidelity, a giant financial-services firm, is among those trialling the service. Human-based advisory services point out they have lots of clever computer wizards working for them. Robo-advisers, for their part, boast about the pioneering investment thinkers they employ, programming the computers to recommend the right products.
“Robo-advisers are doubling their assets under management every few months” 
 investment on autopilot
— Frank Pasquale (@FrankPasquale) 
Para pensarlo - Money management: Ask the algorithm 
— Karim Young (@kay_Yoya) 
Human wealth advisers are going out of fashion 
— Douglas Brundage (@DABrundage) 
Are Human wealth advisers going out of fashion ? Not sure, but robo advisors are coming. 
— frederic tardy (@fredtardy) 
            More posts by Roger Teran
P2P lenders worry about looming regulatory hurdles
Social network for credit startup raises $6m Series A
Alibaba's Yu'e Bao is challenging Chinese (and US) banks
How APIs drive the "no-stack" startup
Camino Financial caters to under-served Latino community
            Recent posts from News by FinTech Collective
CoinDesk launches the crypto-economics explorer, a new way to visualize crypto
Meet the Robot Who Knows How to Trade Bonds Better Than You Do
We’ve Expanded to the UK and Enrolled in the Open Banking Directory
HSBC JOINS AXONI’S $36 MILLION SERIES B FINANCING ROUND
As a free user, you can follow Passle and like posts.
To repost this post to your own Passle blog, you will need to upgrade your account.
For plans and pricing, please contact our sales team at 
Sorry, you don't have permission to repost or create posts.
Your repost is currently a draft. 
Review your repost and request approval
Something went wrong whilst reposting - please try again.
Sorry - this is not an option. This post already exists in the Passle you have selected.
Try reposting to another Passle.
NEWS BY FINTECH COLLECTIVE
©FINTECH COLLECTIVE, INC. 2012 - 