Sorry, no definitions found. Check out and contribute to the 
Sorry, no etymologies found.
There is perhaps no better introduction to Gypsy Rose Lee than the epigraph to "America n Rose," Karen Abbott's new bio 
: "May your bare ass always be shining."
More Than a Girl With a Gimmick
For those unfamiliar with the Lee biblio 
, which comprises not merely her own memoirs but those of her sister and other family members, Ms. Shteir's is the book to pick up first.
More Than a Girl With a Gimmick
Before Mr. Slawenski, other Salinger biographers — not just Hamilton but Paul Alexander "Salinger: A Bio 
," 1999 — have portrayed an eccentric, rather unpleasant man.
With its hoop-wire skirts like prisons, pantaloons, white-faced actors and artful lighting, it all looks very Tim Burton, and Laura Krewski's choreo-
 is distinctive with its jerky, puppet-like movements that suggest fate and not free will is at work here.
A striking vein of 20th-century naturalism also runs through the choreo-
Mikhailovsky Ballet: Laurencia
Throughout John Baxter ' s bio 
 of von Sternberg — the first for this director — the author is very good on the films and on von Sternberg ' s lapidary technique.
The Unhappiest Man in Hollywood
Did you notice that in every 
 his trendline is rocketing up at nearly a 45 degree angle to the horizon?
Edwards Hits Obama For Reagan Comment
Mark at The Calladus Blog - Fresno Atheist: Nonbelief, Skepticism, Progressive Issues and the Debunking f Pseudoscience is delighted with Mucha, writing that Mucha's style of bold, sensuous lines and bright colours, coupled with nat­ural and idealised decorative elements were a perfect fit for litho­
 and for the decoration of the rest of the world.
That might also be the point where de Man's reading of Romantic bio-
 met Kittler's gene as discursive network.
The Last Formalist, or W.J.T. Mitchell as Romantic Dinosaur
The absence of eyes meant for de Man the absence of human life: the inorganic, written impersonation of life that was bio-
, and that the statue carried out.
The Sorrows of Young Wieboldt
 to add your own related words.
 to get involved in the conversation. It's quick and easy.
Wordnik is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization, EIN #47-2198092.