Sorry, no definitions found. You may find more data at 
Sorry, no etymologies found.
Without a project to match the joint venture's potential, Rio 
 is likely to remain the cheapest stock among London-listed miners despite its much improved financial health.
Rio's Iron-Ore Discount
For instance, I may think investing in the Australian company Rio 
 is a good bet but maybe I don’t want to be exposed to Australian market risk: so I go long on Rio Tinto but short the Aussie market overall.
The Volokh Conspiracy » Derivatives Clearinghouses and Exchanges
 translates as tinted or colored, which for wine usually means red.
Mary Orlin: 10 Things You Don't Know About Portuguese Wine
, which isn't a party to the case, has denied wrongdoing on the part of the company and its employees.
China Hears Foreign Firm Complaints
He passed along as far as the river now known as the 
, where he took possession in the name of the sovereigns, calling this river the River of Possession.
The life of Christopher Columbus: from his own letters and journals and other documents of his time.
** The mountain from which this beacon sent its rays has from that hour been called 
 or Tintoc (which signifies the Hill of Fire), and is yet regarded by the country people with a devotion almost idolatrous.
, which is listed on the New York and London stock exchanges as well as in Australia, could face investigations by the US Securities and Exchange Commission and the UK's Serious Fraud Office.
AustralianIT.com.au  | Top Stories
, which is increasingly dependent on its business with China, issued a statement saying a probe it ordered found no wrongdoing by the company itself.
, which is the target of a £70bn hostile bid by its rival miner BHP Billiton, expressed frustration at the Norwegian move.
Environment news, comment and analysis | guardian.co.uk
..but long enough to climb a nearby hill called 
 to add your own related words.
 to get involved in the conversation. It's quick and easy.
Wordnik is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization, EIN #47-2198092.