      Slideshare uses cookies to improve functionality and performance, and to provide you with relevant advertising. If you continue browsing the site, you agree to the use of cookies on this website. See our 
      Slideshare uses cookies to improve functionality and performance, and to provide you with relevant advertising. If you continue browsing the site, you agree to the use of cookies on this website. See our 
Successfully reported this slideshow.
        We use your LinkedIn profile and activity data to personalize ads and to show you more relevant ads. 
You can change your ad preferences anytime.
    Indusrial revolution by class 11 student
Like this presentation? Why not share!
by Middle Township H...
Secondary 2 History-Industrial Revo...
Industrial revolution 
by Laura Tusell Bayarri
Intro to industrial revolution
His 102 chapter 19 the industrial r...
role of industrial revolution in or...
Show related SlideShares at end
                  Indusrial revolution by class 11 student
, Studying at Law Prep
                    it is for project of cbse class 11
Are you sure you want to
                          Your message goes here
                              this will help you to learn this topic easily
Are you sure you want to
                              Your message goes here
Notes: An excellent example of this phenomenon is the personal computer or cell phone.  Cell phones were initially used by professionals who needed fast communications for business.  The everyday usefulness of cell phones was quickly apparent, increasing demand.  Cell phone towers were built around the globe, and cell phone technology continues to grow more complex.  Have students compare the original “brick” cell phone to the iPhone.
Note:  Silas Marner by George Eliot describes the changing textile industry due to technological advances.
Note: Pullman in Chicago, Illinois, is an excellent example of a well-intentioned factory town being disliked by workers.
Note: It should be made clear that the workplace rights and limitations of women and children (and of workers as a whole) were gained incrementally.  Teachers may choose to insert a slide listing that legislation of which they more specifically want students to be aware.
                  Indusrial revolution by class 11 student
• Pradeep SirSubmitted
INDUSTRIAL REVOLUTION WAS THE TIME PERIOD WHICH TOOK
PLACE BETWEEN 17THAND 18THCENTURY .
INDUSTRIAL REVOLUTION AS, “A WIDESPREAD REPLACEMENT OF
MANUAL LABOUR BY MACHINES THAT BEGAN IN BRITAIN IN THE
PEOPLE DID NOT WANT TO DO THEIR WORK MANUALLY FOR THE
THE INDUSTRIAL REVOLUTION WAS THE TRANSITION TO NEW
MANUFACTURING PROCESSES. THIS TRANSITION INCLUDED GOING
FROM HAND PRODUCTION METHODS TO MACHINES, NEW
CHEMICAL MANUFACTURING AND IRON PRODUCTION PROCESSES,
IMPROVED EFFICIENCY OF WATER POWER, THE INCREASINGUSE OF
STEAM POWER AND DEVELOPMENT OF MACHINE TOOLS
    Why did the Industrial Revolution first
start in England by the 1780s?
Geographic factors-As an island separated from, and yet close to, the European
continent, England enjoyed a geographical situation that was favourable in
Political factors-Government was ready to provide conditions in which trade,
industry, banking and farming for profit could flourish. The best single
condition it provided was laissez-faire -no government interference with private
Economic factors–Internally, the purchasing power of the people was generally
greater than that of other peoples. Externally, the rapidly increasing trade
stimulated the production of cheap manufactured goods in England.
Technological factors-Before and during the Industrial Revolution, several
technological processes converged: tool improvement, use of coal as fuel, greatly
increased use of iron, and use of steam power.
At the start of the 19th Century about 1/5 of
Britain’s population lived there, but by 1851 half
the population of the country had set up home in
The population of England had more than
doubled from 8.3 million in 1801 to 16.8 million in
1851 and, by 1901, had nearly doubled again to 30.5
Europe’s population doubled during the 18th
century, from roughly 100 million to almost 200
million, and doubled again during the 19th
century, to around 400 million.
     Countless discoveries were made in many fields of work.
 Textile plants were affected greatly with the use of coal.
 Travel was made easier with the use of trains, canals and
the fixing of many roads throughout countries.
 As canal was constructed, the need for a quicker ship
became more and more obvious.
 When the steam boat came along trade, travel and many
other daily jobs were done much quicker.
 Steam powered trains also had a major breakthrough,
which increased the need for more railway systems along
     Mass production of goods
 Increased numbers of goods
 Increased diversity of goods produced
 Development of factory system of production
 Rural-to-urban migration
 People left farms to work in cities
 Development of capitalism
 Financial capital for continued industrial growth
 Development and growth of new socio-economic classes
 Working class, bourgeoisie, and wealthy industrial class
 Commitment to research and development
 Investments in new technologies
 Industrial and governmental interest in promoting invention,
the sciences, and overall industrial growth
Invention of the cotton
Demands for stronger iron
Improvements in iron smelting
and the development of steel
were built, factories
•The process of inventing never ends
•One invention inevitably leads to improvements upon it
and to more inventions
    Richard Arkwright (English)
Water-powered spinning machine that was too large for use in a
home – led to the creation of factories
James Hargreaves (English)
Home-based machine that spun thread 8 times faster than when
Hand-operated machine which increased the speed of weaving
    Elias Howe (American)
Sewing machine, 1846 Speed of sewing greatly increased
Eli Whitney (American)
Device separated raw cotton from cotton seeds, increasing the cotton supply
while lowering the cost of raw cotton
Edward Cartwright (English)
Power loom, 1785 Water-powered device that automatically and quickly wove thread into cloth
Samuel Crompton (English)
Combined the spinning jenny and the water frame into a single device,
increasing the production of fine thread
     Early water power involved mills built over fast-
moving streams and rivers
 Early water power had problems
 Not enough rivers to provide the power needed to meet
 Rivers and streams might be far removed from raw
materials, workers, and markets
 Rivers are prone to flooding and drying
     Humans tried harnessing steam power for millennia
 Hero of Alexandria, Egypt – created a steam-driven
device in the 1st century B.C.E.
 Thomas Newcomen, England (1704)
 Created a steam engine to pump water from mines
 James Watt, Scotland (1769)
 Improved Newcomen’s engine to power machinery
     By 1800, steam engines were replacing water wheels as
sources of power for factories
 Factories relocated near raw materials, workers, and
 Cities grew around the factories built near central
England’s coal and iron mines
 Manchester, Liverpool
    Vast amounts of fuel were required
to smelt iron ore to burn out
• Discovered that heating coal turned it into
• Smelted iron by using water-powered air
pumps to create steam blasts
• Developed the puddling process which
purified and strengthened molten iron
    Prior to the Industrial
Revolution, steel was
• Developed the Bessemer process
• Brought on the “Age of Steel”
• Steel is the most important metal used over the past
• Open-hearth furnace
• Use of other metals to produce various types of steel
Before the Industrial Revolution
•Canal barges pulled by mules
•Ships powered by sails
•Horse-drawn wagons, carts, and carriages
After the Industrial Revolution
• Fast land transport
• Rapid communication across
• Human speech heard across
• Atlantic cable (1866)
• United States and Europe connected
• Wireless telegraph, an early form of the
• No wires needed for sending messages
• Radio broadcasts could be sent around
• Simultaneous audio and visual
     Printing – 1800-1830
 Iron printing press
 Rotary press – 1870
 Invented by Richard Hoe
 Printed both sides of a page at once
 Linotype machine – 1884
 Invented by Ottmar Mergenthaler
 A machine operator could create a “line of type” all at
one go, rather than having to individually set each
 Newspapers became much cheaper to produce
 Cost of a newspaper plummeted
 Number of newspapers increased
     Agricultural methods had not changed much since
 Tools – hoe, sickle, wooden plow
 Three-field system – farmers left 1/3 of the land fallow
each year to restore fertility to the soil
 Open-field system – unfenced farms with few
improvements made to the land
 No significant surplus – only enough food was made
to feed the population
Expansion of world trade
Mass production of goods
Increased standard of living
Decline of landed aristocracy
Growth and expansion of democracy
Increased government involvement in
Increased power of industrialized
Nationalism and imperialism stimulated
Rise to power of businesspeople
Development and growth of cities
Improved status and earning power of
Increase in leisure time
Problems – economic insecurity,
increased deadliness of war, urban
Science and research stimulated
 Workers and employers knew each other personally
 Workers could aspire to become employers
 Workers no longer owned the means of production
 Employers no longer knew workers personally
○ Factories often run by managers paid by the corporation
 Relationships between employers and employees
     Factories were crowded, dark, and dirty
 Workers toiled from dawn to dusk
 Young children worked with dangerous machinery
 Employment of women and children put men out of
 Women and children were paid less for the same work
 Technological unemployment – workers lost their
jobs as their labor was replaced by machines
     Factories driven solely by profit
 Businesses largely immune to problems of workers
 Factory (also company or mill) towns
 Towns built by employers around factories to house
 Workers charged higher prices than normal for rent,
 Workers often became indebted to their employers
 Created a type of forced servitude as workers had to stay on at
their jobs to pay their debts
 Considered paternalistic by workers
 Some employers had workers’ interests at heart
 But workers wanted to control their own lives
     Before labor unions, workers bargained individually –
 Before factories, a worker could bargain for better wages
and working conditions by arguing his or her particular
 But in factories, work is routine and one worker can
easily replace another
 With labor unions, workers bargained together as a
group, or collective – “collective bargaining”
 Organized groups of workers elected leaders to bargain
 Used tools (such as strikes) to gain rights
    Legal Protections For Workers
    Rights of Female and Child Workers
 Women and children could legally be paid less than
men for the same work
 Factory owners were more willing to hire them
 Male workers grew resentful
 English child laborers
 England had a history (going back to the 17th century) of
training pauper children (even those younger than five
years old) in a trade
 Poor children followed their mothers into factories
 Early male-dominated unions fought to banish
women and children from the workplace
 Eventually this strategy was abandoned
 Women eventually won right to equal pay for equal
 Though women today, in reality, still earn less than men at the
    Invention of the steam engine in 1763 by
James Watt shifts labor from humans and
Inventions continue to make life,
manufacturing, and farming easier and better
Continuous reinvestment of profits fuel even
Inventions in one area often led to inventions
Transportation and communication systems
    Cities begin to dominate the western world
Creates a new social order with the rise of an
influential middle class
Poor working conditions for lower classes
eventually lead to new social and political
Need for markets and resources force
Europeans to take over foreign lands
     Scottish inventor and mechanical engineer
 Improved upon Newcomen steam engine by using
 Key power source of the Industrial Revolution
     Bessemer Process was
the first inexpensive
industrial process for
the mass production of
blowing air through it
manufacture of bridges,
Separated Cotton Fibers from
Caused massive growth of
production of cotton, exports
to Britain, and Demand for
    Invented by James Hargreaves
Produced several threads at
Were Later Powered by Water,
and then Steam Engine
microbiologist, known as
one of the fathers of
oSupported the germ theory
oInvented a method to stop
milk and wine from causing
     Erupted in epidemics every 10
years in densely populated
 Edward Jenner developed
 Used samples of cowpox
disease from women who had
     Women begin to take jobs in
factories performing manual labor
 Women are always paid less than
men and not much more than
 Women begin to organize for equal
(Individuals who start
worked in the factories
for the entrepreneurs
 Working people lived in
 The lack of planning
meant that there was no
sewage, running water,
     Factory work was difficult and dangerous
 Typical shifts lasted 12 to 16 hours
 If you complained, you were fired.
 If you got sick, you were fired.
 If you got hurt and could no longer work,
     Factory owners hired
 Women with families
worked 12 hours a day
and were still expected
when they finally got
     Families needed the income working
children could provide.
 Children could be hired at very low wages
 Children worked in the same dangerous
factories, for the same long hours
    Business Owners Managers,
    1883 – British Parliament passed laws limiting hours of each workday, restricted
children from working in factories , and required factory owners to make safer
& cleaner working conditions
 Labor Unions: formed to bargain for better working conditions, higher pay, and
 Factory owners came to the realization that healthy, happy, and somewhat well-paid
employees meant a productive workforce
    o The middle class became substantially bigger.
o The standard of living increases and Public Education becomes more
o Social Mobility – the ability for a person to work their way up from one social
o 1807 – Slave trade is abolished – no new slaves were transported (legally) from
Africa, ownership of existing slaves continued
o 1833 – Britain outlaws slavery all together.
    In terms of social structure, the
Industrial Revolution witnessed the
triumph of a middle class of
industrialists and businessmen over a
landed class of nobility and gentry.
Ordinary working people found
increased opportunities for
employment in the new mills and
factories, but these were often under
strict working conditions with long
hours of labour dominated by a pace
However, harsh working conditions
were prevalent long before the
Industrial Revolution took place. Pre-
industrial society was very static and
often cruel - child labour, dirty living
conditions and long working hours
were just as prevalent before the
The Industrial Revolution concentrated labour
into mills, factories and mines, thus facilitating
the organisation of combinations or trade
unions to help advance the interests of working
The power of a union could demand better terms by
withdrawing all labour and causing a consequent
cessation of production. Employers had to decide
between giving in to the union demands at a cost to
themselves or suffer the cost of the lost production.
The main method the unions used to effect
change was strike action. Many strikes were
painful events for both sides, the unions and the
management. In England, the Combination Act
forbade workers to form any kind of trade union
from 1799 until its repeal in 1824. Even after this,
unions were still severely restricted.
Eventually effective political organisation for
working people was achieved through the
trades unions who, after the extensions of
the franchise in 1867 and 1885, began to
support socialist political parties that later
merged to became the British Labour Party.
    The Luddites: 1811-1816
Ned Ludd [a mythical figure supposed to live in
The introduction of machines caused the unemployment of many
craftsmen and weavers who could no longer complete with features that
required time to produce more products and cloth than them.
So the unemployed workers began destroying features and machines that
had token their job. These attackers became known as Luddites,
supposedly followers of Ned Ludd, a folklore figure. The first attack wan
Peterloo Massacre, 1819
 People as a society would operate and own the
means of production, not individuals.
 Their goal was a society that benefited
everyone, not just a rich, well-connected few.
 Tried to build perfect communities [utopias].
Teaching Techniques: Writing Effective Learning Objectives
Online Course - LinkedIn Learning
Teaching Online: Synchronous Classes
Online Course - LinkedIn Learning
Teaching Techniques: Classroom Management
Online Course - LinkedIn Learning
        Industrial revolution
Middle Township High School
        Secondary 2 History-Industrial Revolution
        Industrial revolution 
        Intro to industrial revolution
        His 102 chapter 19 the industrial revolution spring 2013
        role of industrial revolution in organisation behaviour
        Industrial Revolution
LinkedIn Corporation © 2018
Public clipboards featuring this slide
    No public clipboards found for this slide
Select another clipboard
Looks like you’ve clipped this slide to 
You just clipped your first slide!
        Clipping is a handy way to collect important slides you want to go back to later. Now customize the name of a clipboard to store your clips.
Others can see my Clipboard