JavaScript is not enabled. The picture viewer will not work.
 has been updated.  Take a look.
Hits: 40943 Pages: 819
Eridony (Instagram: eridony_prime)
Stanley Zimny (Thank You for 33 Million views)
 Interesting pictures tagged with 'pacificgrove'.
 Nosha's photos, sorted by date posted to Flickr.
 250 thumbnails, size 75, user 'nosha', sorted by date photographed.
 Photos by user 'listentoreason', with default photo number, size, and sorting options (can change).
 All 500 of yesterday's Explored Photos
 has been updated.  Take a look.
	      Follow @flickrhivemind
Welcome  to Flickr Hive Mind. If you  
  you will see your private photos and larger thumbnails.
 is a data mining tool for the 
 database of photography.   
 is a search engine as well as an experiment in the power of 
. All thumbnail images come directly 
		are bound by the copyright and license of their owners, the thumbnail links take to you to the photos 
		(as well as their copyright and license details) within 
. Because some other search engines (Google, etc.) index parts of 
, you may have been led here from one of them.  Welcome to Flickr Hive Mind, almost certainly the best search engine for photography on the web.  If you are a 
		    may have seen people being led to your photos via 
		    Flickr requires that I inform you that Flickr Hive Mind uses the Flickr API, but is neither endorsed nor certified by them.
		    There are literally hundreds of other web tools built around the Flickr API, see 
 for a bunch of examples.
		    If you are unhappy with your photos' presence on this site, you can 
		    make your photos private for yourself, friends, and family.  These settings will be instantly honored by 
		    Flickr Hive Mind and all other API-driven applications.  
 Hide your photos globally from text and tag searches on 3rd party sites that use the Flickr API, via your preference settings on Flickr. See the privacy tab at: 
. To also remove yourself from searches for specific user names, you will need to set your 
 to be hidden from searches.  
 created a single page with all these settings
, this is much easier to do now and is the preferred method - it will shut down all API driven sites.
    Google has a bad habit of keeping out-of-date links and thumbnails in their search results, I can try to help you remove them.
		    From Flickr Hive Mind
.  To banish yourself from Flickr Hive Mind, you must first 
authenticate to Flickr
, which lets Flickr Hive Mind identify who you are.  This is necessary to make sure you are the user in question, and also because people use such crazy characters in their Flickr user names. You can revoke access when finished. Once logged in, come back to this area 
		                              and there will be a link to banish you. If there are any problems email me at nosflickrhivemind ... at ...  fiveprime ... dot ...  org. (a few people with weird characters in their user names may have had problems)
		Flickr Hive Mind is a data mining tool for the 
 photography database, allowing search by:  tags(keywords); 
 users, their contacts, and favorites; free text; the 
 Explore algorithm for interestingness.  
 can also be an effective tool to identify photography with licenses that allow non-commercial (and sometimes) commercial use. 
				      Inspired by (and thanks to) 
 for his lightbox2 image viewer.
		                                            If you find your login does not work, perhaps your browser has disabled the cookies that I use to track if you are logged in or not.  Try telling your browser to accept them.  
				      personal information nor photos,
				      but some general time and IP address information ends up in my apache server logs. For additional details see the 
				      Any revenue generated through advertisement on this site is used only to cover the cost of keeping the site online, beyond that 
donates to charitable organizations
 (also, there are no ads on User pages). 
 is currently consuming about 
 of network bandwidth per year (not including the photos themselves)!