                        Are Retail Stocks Down For The Count? 
                                Wednesday, January 11, 2017 9:50 AM EST
After a strong second half of 2016, the bear case for retailers unfortunately returned. Last week a slew of department stores reported preliminary holiday sales results well below prior forecasts, moving retail stocks considerably lower Thursday and Friday. The skid highlights ongoing industry wide challenges retailers face as more sales move online and squeeze profitability. Online margins tend to pale in comparison to in-store ones as more stores begin offering free shipping with no purchase minimum. Making matters worse, a near certain earnings season blunder in the coming weeks leaves retail stocks vulnerable to a second sell-off.
) made the biggest splash in the parade of same store sales (SSS) reports last week. Shares of the department store slid over 20% on a 2.1% decline in SSS for the final months of 2016. As a result, management cut full year earnings targets to a range of $2.92 - $2.97 from $3.12 - $3.32. Estimate activity for the fourth quarter started to edge lower prior to the news, reflecting the Estimize community’s pessimistic outlook of department stores.
) suffered a similar fate to Kohl’s after reporting weak holiday sales and cutting full year guidance. Management expects EPS to fall in the range of $2.95- $3.10 well below its prior forecast of $3.15-$3.40. Management placed blame on consumer shopping habits and the multitude of challenges facing retailers for the lackluster report. The company also shed light on its plans to close 68 stores around the U.S., leaving nearly 10,000 employees out of work. Macy’s expects the ongoing closures and restructuring efforts to generate $550 million in annual savings which will be used to build out its online presence, off price concept and beauty retailer.
That said, each additional closing cedes sales to its competitors thereby putting pressure on the top line. Macy’s indicated that the most recent wave of closures would reduce 2017 revenue by about $575 million. The hope is that increasing the number of Bluemercury and Macy’s Backstage locations will gradually offset lost sales down the road.
                            Set as my default view
                            How did you like this article? Let us know so we can better customize your reading experience.
                            Users' ratings are only visible to themselves.
        Leave a comment to automatically be entered into
our contest to win a free Echo Show.
Comment posted successfully.
Novice Users And Above
Intermediate Users And Above
The comment was deleted!
                                        Founder and CEO of Estimize
Leigh Drogen is the Founder and CEO of 
, the first open platform for financial estimates. Estimize is a ...
Leigh Drogen is the Founder and CEO of 
, the first open platform for financial estimates. Estimize is a diverse community of members from the top hedge funds and asset management firms, to independent analysts and investors, corporate finance professionals and students. Estimize is now the most accurate, representative fundamental equity estimates data set comprising over 5,000 contributing analysts.
Prior to Estimize, Leigh was the Founder and CIO of Surfview Capital, a New York based quantitative investment management firm. He was also an early member of the team at 
where he worked on product and business development.  Leigh got his start in the institutional finance world as a trader/analyst with Geller Capital, a White Plains based quantitative investment manger. He holds a B.A. in political science and economics with emphasis in war theory from Hunter College in New York City.
When he’s not staring at those rectangular light boxes, Leigh enjoys playing hockey, cooking on the grill, and traveling the world in search of perfect waves.
In 2014 Leigh was named to the 
 list, Estimize was named to Forbes 9 Hottest Startups, and Fast Company named Estimize as one of the 10 Most Innovative Companies in the world.
At time of publication
                            Others who follow these stocks
Copyright © 2018 TalkMarkets.com. All rights reserved.
 Apply to Become a Contributor