How to access massive amounts of NYC neighborhood data
NYU’s Furman Center created a tool that gives a glimpse into each of the city’s 59 community districts
        Jul  2, 2017, 10:17am EDT
How to access massive amounts of NYC neighborhood data
There’s no shortage of information about New York City for data nerds (or, you know, your average curious person) to analyze, thanks to the myriad tools—like the city’s own 
But a new platform from the Furman Center at NYU makes the process of digging into the city’s 59 community districts a bit simpler. The online database, named 
New York City Neighborhood Data Profiles
, offers a deep dive into the housing market, land use neighborhood services, and demographic data for communities throughout the five boroughs. Each profile of the city’s various neighborhoods includes such nitty-gritty information as the change in median rental prices over time, the percentage of residents who commute using public transit, the poverty rate, and more.
By providing both historical and recent data, the Data Profiles make it easy to compare how neighborhoods have transformed over time. The website is a great supplement to the State of New York City’s Housing and Neighborhoods report as well as the Core Data website.
To get an understanding of how the database works, let’s take a look at the Upper East Side, one of the 
ten richest neighborhoods in New York City
Unemployment and poverty rates have remained steadily low within the neighborhood over the years. Home sales prices have slightly decreased from 2015 to 2016 whereas prices in Manhattan have increased 2.8 percent on average. The data can also tell you how car-free the area is, how schools are performing, and much more.
To get a glimpse at more detailed information for your neighborhood, click 
New York City Neighborhood Data Profiles
New map celebrates NYC’s role in fight for social justice
The richest neighborhoods in New York City
Everything you need to know about the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade
NYC gives dockless bike share pilot a 90-day extension 
NYCHA may enlist private developers to oversee repairs, daily operations
Yellow taxis will offer 50 percent discount in outer boroughs
Statue of Liberty’s original torch relocated to its new home
Opponents of Amazon’s ‘unconscionable’ HQ2 deal rally in Queens
Amazon’s HQ2 deal with New York, explained
Everything you need to know about Amazon’s deal with New York
Long Island City’s forgotten history
Amazon’s new home was once its own sprawling city
Everything you need to know about the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade
Routes, street closures, and other important information.
5 open houses in Greenwich Village to check out this weekend
Check out studios through two-bedrooms, starting at $500,000.
Free express bus service to LaGuardia Airport is back for Thanksgiving 
The Q70—aka the LaGuardia Link—will provide free service between the airport and Queens subway stops
Enter your email address
    By signing up, you agree to our 
 and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
  This Article has a component height of 18. The sidebar size is long.
Cuomo, deputy mayor go on the offensive over HQ2 backlash
State and city officials who brokered the HQ2-in-Long Island City deal are responding to the backlash
Soho triplex with six terraces, jacuzzi returns for $59M
The glorious apartment has shaved a few millions off its price tag.
ABC No Rio can bring passive house headquarters to Lower East Side
The arts collective’s new home base has been over a decade in the making.
MTA will hold public hearings on its forthcoming fare hikes
Now’s your chance to weigh in on the MTA’s forthcoming subway and bus fare increases.
Free express bus service to LaGuardia Airport is back for Thanksgiving 
The Q70—aka the LaGuardia Link—will provide free service between the airport and Queens subway stops
Everything you need to know about the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade
Routes, street closures, and other important information.
  All Systems Operational
Check out our status page for more details.
, Inc. All Rights Reserved