Find me the best hotels in:
I'm flexible with dates
✓ FREE cancellation on most rooms
✓ Save time, save money
United States of America
Search the best hotels 
I'm flexible with dates
See all hotels in New York
Apartments in New York
All our New York collections:
Best Midtown and Uptown Manhattan Hotels
Best Manhattan Hotels
New York, New York, a wonderful town, the Bronx is up and the Battery's down. 
This is a factual, yet brief, introduction to one of the world's best known cities. Gloried in many a film, New York doesn't have an equivalent. Once she welcomed in the poor and huddled masses and the city is now a celebration of their triumphs. Here anyone is welcome to be themselves and many of the best places to stay in New York reflect this philosophy.
The grid may seem simple enough to navigate from the maps, but New York is a hive of industry, and hives have all sorts of ins and outs that you only see once you're in the thick of things. So choosing where to stay can be a complicated part of planning your visit.
Join the crowds at atmospheric Times Square.
Enjoy panoramic views from the observatory deck in the iconic Empire State Building.
View famed works at the Museum of Modern Art.
Make a trip to the Statue of Liberty and neighbouring Ellis Island.
Stroll through New York's renowned Central Park.
Catch a performance on Broadway.
Here are some of the city's hottest holiday addresses: the Hotel Guru's pick of the best places to stay in New York starting from 'Up' top of Manhattan and heading 'Down'.
The Best of Historic Harlem
 might not sound like the kind of place your Mum would want you to stay; but Harlem's star is on the rise at the moment and this bit of New York is arty, vibrant and historic. The Flophouse itself is a lovingly restored brownstone building complete with wonderful original features.
For the museums - Central Park & the Upper East Side
Long an uptown landmark, 
, value adds to its park side location with an award winning restaurant and a world renowned hairdresser. 'Stylish' doesn't do the decor by Jacques Grange enough credit. 
 is perfect if you're looking for classic, intimate luxury. The bathrooms are marble, the colour pallet draws from nature, the lobby is well dressed and the staff will all know you by name after your first nights stay.
, a grand and gracious 5* Upper East Side Manhattan hotel is not one to be outdone. The Art Deco inspired lobby features many unique modern art pieces. With a private roof garden, a decadent bar and surrounded by some of the city's best restaurant - this really is New York City Luxury.
For Central New York - Times Square
Vibrant and friendly, the 
 is one of the best places to stay if you want to be right in the heart of things. The decor, as you may have guessed, is Moroccan, with beautiful mosaics, tapestries ad paintings, impressive rugs and even ornate ceiling fans. These unique, careful touches, and the fact that it's incredibly well priced for the location, means that the 48 rooms are often booked solid with repeat guests.
 opened its doors in 1902 and has been doing a roaring trade ever since. The decor is gorgeous, an antique lover's dream, and they even still have a hotel cat - her name is Matilda.
 is an impressive former gentleman's club preserving the glamour and style as a hotel just minutes from Times Square and Broadway. 
 is an exclusive hotel in a fantastic location a few minutes from Times Square and Central Park. Channeling rich 1920s glamour with a touch of Art Deco, it boasts crystal chandeliers and polished wooden floors.
 is a funky and lively hotel just minutes from Times Square with a colourfully illuminated indoor pool with underwater music and a swim-up bar.
Highlights of Midtown
Midtown has the Museum of Modern Art, Grand Central Station, the UN, the New York Public Library, the Chrysler Building, the Empire State Building and the Rockefeller Centre. Shoppers will know that the Midtown is also where you'll find Fifth Avenue, with Saks, FAO Schwartz and Tiffany & Co.. Bloomingdale's is on Third Ave..
If you believe 'you gotta have a gimmick', then the 
 may be for you. Their bookish theme is anything but gimmicky though, in addition to a well stocked reading room there's also a writer's den and poetry garden, the rooms all have individual literary themes.
 is one of those addresses forever associated with literary greats and fading movie stars. This is the hotel Tennessee Williams moved into to live out his last years, a place of low-key elegance and comfort on demand. Built in the 20s the hotel has been renovated, but it's still every inch an old fashioned hotel.
For fashionistas - Gramercy Park
This boho original had art by Andy Warhol and Damien Hirst on the walls of the bar, and in the revamp, the 
 has kept these, and other original details, in a style they're calling 'Bohemia reinvented for the 21st Century'.
For Hipsters - SoHo, Tribeca & the Meatpacking District
These days Soho is pretty cool. If you are looking for a cool place to lay your head in a cool place, then you'll want the 
. The rooms are comfortable and relatively modest, but the public spaces are beautifully imaginative. There's colour, there's chic design and in the Grand Lounge there's live music.
Jostling for cool with the Soho Grand is the 
. Like competitive sisters they fight to have the hippest fashionistas in their bars and musicians at their live music events. The Tribeca Grand can also add filmmakers using its in-house cinema.
With panoramic views over the Hudson River, 
, an Andre Balaza hotel, is one of the best places to stay in New York if you're after detail and atmosphere. Cool, stark and perfectly proportioned to take best advantage of the location, this is a great place from which to experience New York. You are starting the day with the city spread out beneath you.
 is a black and gold gothic landmark overlooking Byrant Park in the heart of Soho. Light, sharp rooms with luxury linens, bathtubs and city views. KOI sushi restaurant is popular with locals and the bar is a lively start to the night. 
This achingly chic hotel in Manhattan’s SoHo/Nolita district attracts celebrities and design addicts alike with its cool interiors by Kit Kemp. Despite the enviable location
 is on a quiet street so you can leave the city chaos behind. 
For something unusual - Wall Street
, is the only hotel on Wall Street. It may also be the only hotel in the world which used to be a Barclays Bank. They've renovated with clever, innovative design - think sharp shiny edges in warm colours - it has an excellent spa.
 is a quirky and unusual hotel in Long Island city styled as industrial-chic; a modern renovation of a paper factory. The spacious rooms pay homage to the historic industrial architecture whilst featuring upscale and antique furnishings.
 blends downtown-style brick walls and industrial spaces with uptown decorative influences, located in the Garment District just a mile from Times Square. The modern rooms are chic and delicately decorated and the rooftop bar Spyglass offers irresistible panoramic views.
 offers the usual luxury for less that you've come to expect from their brand. Compact rooms boast wall to wall windows, and there's a rooftop bar for panoramic views across the city.
1 Hotel Brooklyn Bridge
 offers contemporary designer accommodation, right beside the famed Brooklyn Bridge Promenade. Think chic wooden furnishings, warm hues and superb views of the area. Kick back and enjoy a movie in the screening room after a busy day sightseeing. A perfect Eco break!
For an apartment or flat
For those keen on some additional privacy, explore the private apartment options available at our online partner 
Fly to any of the three well connected airports: John F. Kennedy International Airport, Newark Liberty International Airport and LaGuardia Airport (serving domestic flights).
New York is a year round destination with four distinct seasons. Summers get very hot, winters extremely cold, while spring and autumn are moderate. Perhaps Autumn or 'fall' is one of the most beautiful seasons.
If you plan to hire a car, we recommend you visit our online partner 
Browse through our list of all the 
best places to stay in New York
Refine your search to the 
best Midtown and Uptown Manhattan hotels
best Manhattan Hotels
For some personal travel advice, 
 one of our friendly Gurus for advice.
Best Hotels in New York
New York (Long Island City)
Quirky and unusual hotel in Long Island city styled as industrial-chic; a modern renovation of a paper factory. The spacious rooms pay homage to the historic industrial architecture whilst featuring upscale and antique furnishings. Mundo serves exotic food, and all communal areas are characterful.
  -  A little off the beaten track, offering the perfect urban retreat, but well connected to the sights of NYC.
  -  100-year old paper factory with some original architecture retained and trendy brick and stone walls.
  -  Located in a 100-year-old paper factory, lovingly restored, salvaging flooring and furniture.
Impressive former gentleman's club preserving the glamour and style as a hotel just minutes from Times Square and Broadway. The subtly luxurious decor of the bedrooms exudes warmth and class, and award-winning chef Daniel Boulud serves up a coveted menu of French-American dishes in the restaurant.
  -  Former gentleman's club turned into chic hotel in fantastically central location with award-winning cuisine from Daniel Boulud.
  -  3 blocks from Times Square, half a mile from the Rockefeller Centre and close to shops like Tiffany & Co, Prada and Apple
  -  Daniel Boulud's coveted cuisine has Manhattan's fastidious foodies queuing to try it.
  -  In the thick of the action.
Lovingly restored B&B in Harlem. Cosy rooms with wooden floor boards and fireplaces. A beautiful brownstone building in one of the city’s most culturally vibrant areas. An arty city spot for the young traveller.
  -  Children under 12 years of age are free.
  -  Fully renovated prewar building
Exclusive hotel in a fantastic location, a few minutes from Times Square and Central Park. Channeling rich 1920s glamour with a touch of Art Deco, it boasts crystal chandeliers and polished wooden floors. Designer decor in the rooms, a vintage speakeasy bar, and al fresco dining on the 23rd floor.
  -  Beautiful rooftop terrace, exclusive lounge and bar, and an award-winning concierge skilled at building specialised itineries.
  -  A number of rooms are available that cater for children: double and connecting rooms which also provide childrens bathrobes.
  -  Located in Midtown Manhattan, an 8-minute walk from Times Square, and 3-minutes from Central Park.
  -  Uniquely designed interiors.
  -  Mr & Mrs Smith, Tablet, Small Luxury Hotels
Quirky hotel blending downtown-style brick walls and industrial spaces with uptown decorative influences, located in the Garment District just a mile from Times Square. The modern rooms are chic and delicately decorated, and the rooftop bar Spyglass offers irresistible panoramic views.
  -  Just over a mile from Times Square, 5 minutes from Bryant Park and close to popular shops such as Tiffany & Co, Prada and Apple.
  -  Glamorous 22-story hotel in the heart of the Garment District with quirky, curated luxuries and decoration.
  -  The bar on the 21st floor has fantastic views of the Chrysler and Empire State Buildings.
  -  In the thick of the action.
New York (Greenwich Village)
Atmospheric hotel with 'chic petite' rooms all featuring parquet floors, brass fixtures and marble bathrooms, located in the heart of Greenwich Village. Rich oak-panelled walls and elaborately furnished dining rooms and bars all contribute to its warm, romantic and characterful aesthetic.
  -  A cocktail bar, an espresso bar, and the Margaux all in a restored historic building, previously frequented by great names.
  -  Located in the heart of Greenwich Village, a lively area with plenty to do and see.
  -  In the thick of the action.
The Inn at Irving Place
Uniquely authentic inn, a conversion of two 1830s brownstone townhouses in the quiet Gramercy neighbourhood. The hotel is exquisitely decorated with antique furnishings and cherrywood floors, and the charming Tea Rooms serve delectable afternoon teas amid grand Victorian-style architecture.
  -  An authentic snapshot of an entirely different era, far from the shiny modern glamour of the big NYC hotels
  -  As much as you can hideaway in NYC, this is the perfect option. An unique, intimate hotel in a quiet but central neighbourhood.
  -  Tablet, Small Luxury Hotels
Funky and lively hotel just minutes from Times Square with a colourfully illuminated indoor pool with underwater music and a swim-up bar. The modest, modern rooms are brought to life by vibrant Jonathan Adler wallpaper, and great spa facilities are available (sauna, steam room, gym, pool, massages).
  -  Minutes from Times Square, Bryant Park, Rockefeller Centre and the Museum of Modern Art, as well as great brand shops.
  -  1970s inspired hotel minutes from Times Square with an indoor pool and bar, and brightly coloured retro rooms.
  -  A large, funky indoor pool with colourful light shows, underwater music, a swim-up bar and groovy seating area.
  -  Hip and happening.
Ideally situated in the bustling Flatiron District, this sleek 72-room hotel is a stylish urban retreat with high-ceilinged neutral rooms and larger-than-expected bathrooms.
  -  In the thick of the action.
  -  Uniquely designed interiors.
  -  Well located for major sights.
Stylish, recently renovated hotel with contemporary and elegant designer furnishings & a fantastic location on Madison Ave. Many rooms have stunning views of the Empire State Building and private furnished terraces. Colourful, bright, and buzzy this hotel is perfect for a cool city break.
  -  On the edge of Madison Square Park and the Flatiron District, which feature plenty of high-end restaurants and stylish bars.
  -  A little off the beaten track but well connected to the major tourist sites and buzzing with local offerings.
  -  Some rooms with terraces have breath-taking views across Manhattan.
  -  A landmark location on Manhattan's Madison Avenue.
  -  Mr & Mrs Smith, Tablet
Cosy and colourful hotel with modern and elegant bedrooms and suites centrally located minutes from the Empire State Building. With one of the best Michelin-rated restaurants in NYC, an equally brilliant bar and a sophisticated library space, this hotel offers a tasteful oasis in its ideal location.
  -  A Flatiron District hotel in the epicentre of New York City, near the Empire State Building and 5th Avenue, it's ideally located
  -  A Michelin-starred restaurant, an elegant library and stylish rooms, ideally located near the Empire State Building.
  -  Juni is a Michelin-starred restaurant that will tease the taste-buds of any foodies exploring New York City.
  -  Chandler suites have modern four-poster beds.
  -  Small Luxury Hotels, Tablet
Unusual and grand hotel with rich vintage interiors matching the red-brick Gothic architecture. Hardwood floors pave the spacious, light-filled, colourful rooms, and a terrace and garden provide the perfect oasis. The breathtaking Hoffman Hall reception room is also a show-stopping events space.
  -  Spacious and beautiful events rooms perfect for receptions, galas, weddings, screenings, presentations, art shows, and much more
  -  On the High Line, a 1 min walk from the High Line Park and 6 minutes from Chelsea market, it is well placed for any explorer.
  -  Plenty of fantastic and unusual meeting and conference rooms and an expert meetings and events team.
New York (Greenwich Village)
Elegant hotel nestled in the heart of Greenwich Village, with vintage 1920s-inspired decor. The rooms feature luxurious leather chairs, richly coloured fabrics and retro rotary phones. A Parisian-style bistro and bar with a carefully selected wine list add to the atmosphere of sleekness and warmth.
  -  Furnished with 1920s-inspired decor with a beautiful Parisian bistro-style lounge and bar in the heart of Greenwich Village.
  -  An easy walk from Washington Square and Little Italy, and a few yards from bustling 6th Avenue.
  -  Great views from hotel
  -  Hip and happening.
McCarren Hotel & Pool
Modern urban retreat renowned for its outdoor saltwater pool, one of the largest in New York City, overlooking leafy McCarren Park. Stylish, clean and modern rooms, an elegant rooftop terrace offering spectacular views of the Manhattan skyline, and the new restaurant boasts a Michelin-star chef. 
  -  With complimentary bicycles and one of the largest outdoor swimming pools in NYC, a great spot for an active city holiday.
  -  Oleanders is a beautifully designed restaurant serving delicious food from a Michelin-starred chef.
  -  Located in Brooklyn, next to the McCarren Park, and well-connected to all the sights of Manhattan.
  -  Salt water pool, one of the largest outdoor swimming pools in NY City, 4,800 sq. ft. deck space, the perfect urban retreat.
  -  Tablet, Mr & Mrs Smith
New York (Greenwich Village)
Vibrant hotel in the Meatpacking District complete with relaxing spa, salon, pool and lively nightlife. The rooftop pool and bar terrace offer spectacular 360-degree views, and each stylishly decorated modern room has large windows and high ceilings. The Chester bistro also serves a delicious menu.
  -  The Meatpacking District is renowned for its nightlife: Gansevoort's bar and nightclub draw revelers from all over the city.
  -  The Meatpacking District is hedonistic and lively, offering fantastic shopping by day, and devilish entertainment by night.
  -  250 yards from High line Park, 500 yards from Chelsea Market, and well-connected to the sites of NYC.
  -  The Exhale Fitness + Spa, provides the perfect opportunity for a relaxing spa break.
Gild Hall, A Thompson Hotel
New York (Wall Street- Financial District)
Characterful hotel with a fantastic location next to Wall Street. The rooms are decorated with strong, dark and stylish features that complement the sleek aesthetic in the communal areas - such as the sophisticated split-level library, rustic-glam bar and restaurant - adding to the air of luxury.
  -  This stylish hotel has a fantastic wine selection at La Soffitta, authentic Italian cuisine, and a split level library.
  -  Located on historic Gold Street in the Financial District, a few hundred yards from Wall Street.
  -  Well located for major sights.
Retro hotel decorated with custom-made Italian furnishings, designed by renowned architect Marcello Pozzi, located on the edge of the bustling shopping district of Soho. Brilliant views of the Hudson river and downtown skyline & a double-level rooftop bar. Stylish, sophisticated and spacious rooms.
  -  Times Square, Central Park and Broadway are all only a few miles away and the Hudson is even closer: perfect for local exploring
  -  Located in SoHo, NYC's downtown shopping district with plenty of designer brands, and 2.4 miles from Times Square.
  -  Deluxe rooms on the West side of the buiding have brilliant views of the Hudson River, as does the roof terrace.
  -  In the thick of the action.
  -  Mr & Mrs Smith, Tablet
Grand hotel in prime location a few minutes from Central Park. Stylish, modern and understated, the rooms are spacious and the suites are expansive. The addition of the Gordon Ramsay, a sophisticated creation of the Michelin-starred chef, enhances the luxurious aspect of this hotel.
  -  Located a 5 minute walk from Central Park of which many rooms have great views, and 7 minutes from the shopping on 5th Avenue.
  -  Sophisticated meeting/ event rooms for up to 200 guests, state-of-the-art technology and award-winning event specialists
  -  Gordon Ramsay's fantastic and coveted restaurant is a major draw for any guest.
  -  Great views from hotel
Innovative and modern hotel in the heart of Manhattan, 1 minute from Times Square. It prioritises experience and value: bright, cosy, clean rooms, all with wall-to-wall windows to immerse the guest in the bustle of NYC at a reasonable price. A panoramic rooftop bar also provides spectacular views.
  -  In the heart of Manhattan, a few minutes from Times Square and Central Park, and rooms have wall-to-wall windows for great views
  -  The hotel is modern, chic, and at the epicentre of NYC, but strives to provide the most reasonable prices.
  -  Located so centrally, this hotel is perfect for anyone wanting to explore New York from its very heart.
  -  The 360 degree views from the panoramic rooftop bar are truly spectacular.
Washington Square Hotel
An historic 1902 residence turned hotel in Greenwich Village. Art-deco style furnishings and dark mahoganies make up the subtly lit rooms. Here it's all about the prime location right on the corner of Washington Square Park. 
  -  Right in Greenwich Village, this is an ideal spot for exploring Manhattan by foot.
  -  Check out the streets of China Town, packed with stalls and shops of every description.
  -  All within a few minutes walk are Madison Square Gardens and Little Italy.
  -  On the edge of Washington Square Park.
Youthful and modern hotel on the trendy Lower East Side, located near Wall Street and the World Trade Centre. The bright rooms feature floor-to-ceiling windows with spectacular views and sleek furnishings. The restaurant blends American brasserie with sushi and adds to the liveliness of the hotel.
  -  The Penthouse is a premier event space in NYC, with floor-to-ceiling glass, 3000 sq ft across three levels and panoramic views.
  -  5 minutes from Little Italy, and close to SoHo, Tribeca and Chinatown, with Ground Zero and Wall Street both 1 mile away.
  -  A youthful and hip hotel with spectacular views of the Financial District and the downtown bridges.
  -  Great views from hotel
The Elysee, formerly a host to Manhattan's literary elite, has retained its iconic old world charm. The suites feature French style furnishings, rich fabrics and plush carpets. The Monkey Bar has become one of Midtown's most iconic and hip bars. Classy, elegant and intimate.
  -  Central Park is under ten minutes from the hotel with plenty of trails for walking, running and cycling.
  -  Hip and happening.
  -  In the thick of the action.
Library Hotel, New York
A book-lovers' paradise between Grand Central and Bryant Park. Literary themed rooms and writer's den. The rooftop bar and poetry garden offer excellent cocktails and city views. Complimentary continental breakfast is served in the Reading Room. A truly unique place to absorb art and culture.
  -  Floors are themed around a category of the Dewey Decimal system
  -  A literary-themed hotel with library and poetry garden
  -  The free public library is within walking distance
  -  Contemporary comfort in the heart of the city
An individual and stylish hotel just steps from Times Square. The funky Moroccan themed rooms and opulent old school bars featuring live piano sets, will transport you to another time. A warm and welcoming spot in an enviable location - perfect for a charming city stay.
  -  Located just a few steps from Times Square and Rockefeller Center.
  -  Bryant Park is just a seven minute walk away from the hotel.
  -  Hip and happening.
New York based award-wining Mexican architect Enriques Norten designed the ultra stylish Hotel Americano in Manhattan's Chelsea District. Three types of uber cool urban bedrooms offered with natural materials, warm lighting, some with hot tubs & fireplaces. Roof terrace with grill and outdoor patio
  -  Super Trendy and contempoary restaruant serving French and Latin American cuisine
  -  Chelsea's art galleries, Chelsea Market and boutiques all close by
  -  Stunning terrace with grill and city views
Luxurious boutique hotel with outstanding service. Rooms in neutral tones ooze understated elegance - chocolate leather headboards and pearlized platinum walls. Complimentary breakfasts and complimentary wine and cheese every evening except Sunday. A hotel with sophistication and urban style. 
  -  The Empire State Building is only eight blocks away, and commands views of the whole of New York.
  -  Explore this hip area on foot, there is no better way to take in the sights!
  -  In the thick of the action.
A trendy hotel in an enviable locality near both Chelsea and the Meatpacking district. Enormous rooms are industrial in feel with large portal windows, metallic walls and tiled floors. The rooftop hosts a glorious pool whilst downstairs you'll find two exclusive nightclubs. A lively spot.
  -  An uber trendy hotel (complete with rooftop pool) well located for accessing the Chelsea and Meatpacking districts.
  -  Situated close to Union Square, Ground Zero and Madison Square Garden.
  -  Hip and happening.
Eclectic designer hotel in central Manhattan. Rooms are filled with contemporary and vintage pieces, modern bathrooms and quirky extras. Sublime food in both restaurants, very cool bar. Gym, art gallery and shop inside hotel. Excellent, friendly service, in this great city hotel. 
  -  Eclectic hotel with vintage and retro pieces is in very central Manhattan, and with extremely knowledgable staff
  -  In neighbouring boroughs Brooklyn and Queens; hotel can advise
  -  Empire State Building, Times Square, Madison Avenue
  -  Up to Madison Square Park and Central Park
  -  Tablet, Fodors, Mr & Mrs Smith
A modern hotel with quirky touches - perfectly located for a Manhattan getaway. A variety of smartly decorated bedrooms and a guesthouse suite. Cool night club spot on the roof top terrace with panoramic views of Times Square and a popular cocktail bar. A lively destination. 
  -  In the heart of New York - the city, broadway especially, is on your doorstep
  -  Children under 17 staying in parents room stay free.
  -  Central Park closeby
New York (Lower East Side)
Stylish hotel with a touch of the avant garde in the trendy Lower East Side. Large casement windows flood natural light into the rooms furnished with vintage items such as handmade silk rugs and Moroccan lamps. It also features a trellised garden bar, cosy lounge and authentic French bistro.
  -  The Lower East Side neighbourhood of Manhattan is the perfect choice for anyone interested in nightlife and restaurants.
  -  Dirty French is a recent offering from the Major Food Group, and promises an exciting twist on classic French cuisine.
  -  Close to the shopping in SoHo and the landmark Brooklyn Bridge, and offering spectacular views of the iconic skyline.
  -  Great views from hotel
Sleek hotel located in the fashionable Tribeca neighbourhood with spacious, modern and richly colourful rooms styled to evoke 1960s glamour. The hotel also boasts an authentic and characterful den bar, a lively seasonal restaurant, Danish-modern furnishings and art sourced from local galleries.
  -  Carefully and stylishly furnished to evoke 1960s glamour, with an intimate den bar, and located in a lively neighbourhood.
  -  Located in lively Tribeca neighbourhood, less than 1 mile away from the Brooklyn Bridge.
  -  The rooms on the higher floors boast fantastic views of the cityscape.
  -  Hip and happening.
  -  Tablet, Mr & Mrs Smith
New York (N. 11th Williamsburg)
Fashionable hotel in old industrial building offers spacious, well-equipped rooms. Brooklyn location, modern art on the walls and general décor makes this a hotel perfect for modern, stylish New York experience. Restaurant and bar in the building complement this contemporary feel.
  -  30 min' subway ride to main NYC attractions.
Sumptuous and elegantly designed - the 1870’s Gilded Age meets 1970's luxury - catering to the ultra-chic New Yorker. Rooms have stunning views and are decorated with original artworks. Acclaimed cuisine, stylish bar and sophisticated club room. A chic urban paradise.
Rooms with balcony/terrace
  -  Two sprawling penthouse lofts
  -  Central location means sights of New York are on your doorstep
  -  Interior designs by celebrated interior designer Bill Sofield
  -  Tablet, Kiwi Collection
The designer Arlo Hudson Square is located in Soho, Lower Manhattan. Boutique and light-filled accommodation with plenty of wooden influences. Rooms come with a fridge and some even have balconies. Enjoy a drink and the excellent food at the rooftop bar! A fun and friendly city stay.
  -  Arlo Hudson Square is the ultimate 'micro-hotel' oozing contemporary cool from its sleek, comfortable tight fit rooms!
  -  Make the most of your Soho location to see all that this amazing city has to offer
  -  Wander around the city taking in its incredible buzz or head for a stroll through Central Park
  -  Be sure to see the Empire State Building, Ellis Island and Ground Zero
The Roxy Hotel Tribeca
The SoHo Grand’s cooler little sister - the ultimate in downtown chic. The in-house cinema, live music and suave roof top terrace all attract a fashionista crowd. Sleek, mid-century modern rooms, fitted with the latest technology. The relaxing Aire Ancient Baths are located just one block away.
  -  Pets can stay with no additional charge
  -  Luxurious downtown chic
  -  Aire Ancient Baths, located just one block from the hotel
  -  Noise from the lively bar downstairs
A hip and stylish SoHo hotel. The chic rooms are full of individual details such artworks by Harland Miller and selected literature. Phenomenal bar and restaurant are incentive enough to stay here. A lively spot to see and be seen.
  -  Acclaimed restaurant - a paean to Thai cuisine.
  -  Learn about the Lower East Side’s rich immigrant history on foot during a guided tour at the Tenement Museum on Orchard Street.
  -  Wander down to Chinatown, under two Km away, and check out all this dynamic area has to offer.
Newly decorated luxury boutique. Great pieces of furniture and diverse artworks, from Warhol to Damien Hirst, provide a unique impression of 21st century Bohemia. A lively and hip destination.
  -  Just a short stroll away you will find New Yorks most famous site, The Empire State Building.
  -  Take a turn around the lovely Gramercy Park literally on the hotels doorstep.
  -  Gorgeous views of Gramercy Park
  -  Mr & Mrs Smith, Tablet, Frommers, Kiwi Collection
New York (West Village)
Contemporary, design-led suites in the heart of the West Village. The concept here is hotel style services, with self catering style accommodation. All suites offer sitting rooms and kitchens, but there is a chef on hand if you like! Superb location and great for families on a city visit.
  -  Each suite has been individually created by a different designer.
  -  Bang next to a subway station, so all of NYC is easily accessible
  -  Hip and happening.
A young, hip and delightfully atmospheric hotel in the trendy East Village. Chic and comfortable rooms with large windows providing plenty of light and splendid views. The vintage bars and restaurants are full of old world charm. A fun and lively destination in an up and coming district.
  -  Bowery Ballroom and Mercury Lounge are just 800m away, as well as a whole range of hip bars and clubs.
  -  More for revelry than for pampering.
  -  The hip and trendy East Village is best explored on foot, wander the streets or ask at reception for a good route!
  -  Just a few short blocks away check out Union Square Greenmarket.
  -  Mr & Mrs Smith, Tablet, Fodors, Frommers, Kiwi Collection
The Bryant Park Hotel
This black and gold gothic landmark overlooks Byrant Park in the heart of Soho. Light, sharp rooms with luxury linens, bathtubs and city views. KOI sushi restaurant is popular with locals and the bar is a lively start to the night. Location is spot on for nightlight as well as daytime exploring.
  -  Grand Central Terminal and Times Square are closeby, and directly opposite New York City’s Bryant Park.
  -  Central Park or head down to New York Harbour to see the Statue of Liberty.
  -  Hip and happening.
  -  In the thick of the action.
This broadway and art boutique offers a lively bar and a two-storied library. Notably large, contemporary rooms house local artist works and show off with spectacular city views. Refined dining complimented by a renowned wine list. Very close to Madison Park, offering local exploring with ease.
  -  Empire State Building - Travel five blocks north and 102 floors up, and you’ll be at the top of the Empire State Building.
  -  Great views from hotel
  -  Hip and happening.
  -  Good for local colour.
  -  Tablet, Mr & Mrs Smith
Historic Manhattan hotel and host to the city's artistic and cultural elite. Old-world charm and contemporary comforts to suit anyone on business or leisure. The hotel was newly refurbished in 2004 but retains its original opulent charm.
  -  This downtown hotel is just seven minute walk from Times Square and ten from the Rockefeller Center.
  -  A well-known literary history.
  -  Oldest-running hotel in NYC.
This grand and gracious 5* Upper East Side Manhattan hotel is not one to be outdone. The Art Deco inspired lobby features many unique modern art pieces. With a private roof garden, a decadent bar and surrounded by some of the city's best restaurant - this really is New York City Luxury. 
  -  31 original works of modern art dispersed through its private and public spaces.
  -  Take advantage of the Hotel Bike Share Program
  -  Interiors by design giant Lauren Rottet.
  -  Luxury, Upper East Side Manhattan Hotel
  -  Mr & Mrs Smith, Relais & Chateaux
New York (Meatpacking District)
Oh-so chic rooms in the edgy ambient neighbourhood of Lower West Side. Ceiling to floor windows offer stunning views across New York, even from your bath tub. Hip all American food at the hotel restaurant and a 'to be seen in' bar. A hyper-modern way to experience New York. 
  -  Wonderfully indulgent suites feature romantic stand alone baths with stunning views and downstairs expect wonderful cuisine.
  -  A super trendy creation by Andre Balazs- achingly hip and housing one of New York's most sought after nightlife spots.
  -  Great views of the skyline and Hudson Bay
  -  Mr & Mrs Smith, Tablet, Fodors, Kiwi Collection
1 Hotel Brooklyn Bridge
1 Hotel Brooklyn Bridge offers contemporary designer accommodation, right beside the famed Brooklyn Bridge Promenade. Think chic wooden furnishings, warm hues and superb views of the area. Kick back and enjoy a movie in the screening room after a busy day sightseeing. A perfect Eco break!
  -  Almost entirely powered by wind, with more than half the building materials 'reclaimed' and free Teslas for guests to use!
  -  Divine accommodation, gorgeous views and one of the world's liveliest cities on your doorstep-the ideal romantic getaway!
  -  1 Hotel Brooklyn Bridge enjoys a wonderfully central location, just a short walk over the bridge from downtown Manhattan
  -  Wander around New York's streets taking in its unique atmoshpere or head for a stroll around Central Park
  -  Mr & Mrs Smith, Tablet
A successful blend of cool and luxury in this dynamic, contemporary-style hotel
  -  Hip and happening.
  -  Well located for major sights.
The only hotel with an address on Wall Street, placing it at the epicenter of the Financial District. Large loft style rooms with seriously luxurious bathrooms. A hip restaurant using farm fresh produce, trendy bar and a glorious spa. A boutique hotel with a chains knowledge. 
  -  A stylish choice- loft-style rooms featuring pillow menus and king sized beds and downstairs a hip bar and yummy restaurant.
  -  A slick hotel set in an historic NYC neighborhood- trendy rough brick walls mixed with glossy finishes and lavish fittings.
  -  Close to New Yorks famous Central Park, a breath of fresh air in the city centre.
  -  Walking distance from ferries to the Statue of Liberty and Governor's Island.
  -  Tablet, Frommers, Kiwi Collection
Exclusive luxury in lower Manhattan's hip Meatpacking district. Fantastic rooftop terrace with pool, 44-seater cinema, and delux spa. Soho House is the epitome of cool. What more could you want from a trendy trip to NYC. Enjoy the Soho House restaurant, bar and Cowshed spa.
  -  Rooftop bar situated near rooftop pool.
  -  Heated rooftop pool with bar
  -  Great views from hotel
  -  Mr & Mrs Smith, I Escape, Kiwi Collection
This achingly chic hotel in Manhattan’s SoHo/Nolita district attracts celebrities and design addicts alike with its cool interiors by Kit Kemp. Despite the enviable location, it’s on a quiet street so you can leave the city chaos behind. Service is impeccable while still being relaxed. 
  -  A walk south-east of the hotel takes you to Little Italy.
  -  Explore the local stores and boutiques in SoHo
  -  SoHo has some of the city's best nightlife
  -  Mr & Mrs Smith, I Escape, Fodors
Stellar hotel with a definitively jazz age feel in the heart of Manhattan. Rooms are swish and elegant with simple designs and comfortable furniture. Enjoy a cocktail in the atmospheric bar that evokes a Gatsby-esque atmosphere with it's booth bar and chandeliers. A five-star downtown option.
  -  Right in the heart of Manhattan, near the World Trade Centre.
  -  Perfect for exploring the sights and sounds of New York.
  -  Browse the frenzy of the South Street Seaport market.
  -  Ten minutes walk from Ground Zero.
A finely crafted and charmingly intimate Upper East Side hotel, one block from Central Park. Classically decorated - marble bathrooms, neutral tones, paintings, and elegant furnishings. Some rooms have real wood burning fireplaces. A luxurious destination, reminiscent of a private townhouse.
  -  Sleek accommodations in the heart of the city
  -  Just one block from Central Park
  -  Well located for major sights.
  -  Very high service standards.
  -  Tablet, Frommers, Kiwi Collection
Charming and intimate Upper West Side townhouse hotel, bursting with old-world charm. Suites are individually decorated with fine paintings, sculptures, and elegant wooden furnishings. A genteel atmosphere in a residential area. Breakfasts are served in the suites. An ideal New York hideaway. 
  -  Take the literary-themed suite and draw inspiration amongst the theatrical interiors and shelves of books.
  -  Take the Spa Suite with jacuzzi and fireplace or the Opera Suite with baby grand piano and terrace!
  -  Walking distance from Central Park, an ideal spot for a morning stroll or jog if you're up for it.
  -  Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts is a five minute walk and well worth checking out.
Ultimate SoHo chic. An iconic hotel, The Mercer provides the comforts of a home away from home, but in the surroundings of a trendy loft space. Artistic cool and modernist designs. Its world-class restaurant is a must.
  -  The automatic table reservation at chef Jean-Georges Vongerichten’s Mercer Kitchen is worth its weight in gold.
  -  Interconnecting family suites and babysitting services.
  -  Located in bustling downtown Soho.
  -  Walk to the south-east of the hotel and you'll stumble across Little Italy and Chinatown, both well worth a visit.
  -  Mr & Mrs Smith, I Escape, Tablet, Frommers, Kiwi Collection
Luxurious Upper East Side landmark hotel. The Carlyle is a timeless classic and a unique place to stay discover New York Upper East Side style. Opulent suites feature exquisite views of the park and grand pianos. Keep your finger on New York's pulse.
  -  Romantic suites, chic in house restaurants and bars and proximity to Central Park make this a perfect getaway for two.
  -  Located in the Upper East Side, with chic art deco interiors it is a New York dream
  -  Tablet, Fodors, Frommers, Kiwi Collection
One of the newest additions in husband and wife duo Tim and Kit Kemp's portfolio and it doesn't disappoint. Beautifully designed rooms makes traditional style contemporary. The best rooms boast large terraces. Complete with chic bar, excellent restaurant and a cinema this is hotel perfection.
  -  Perfectly positioned just two blocks from Central Park and with easy access to many restaurants, galleries and bars.
  -  An uber chic property designed by the renowned hotelier Kit Kemp.
  -  Take a stroll around Central Park.
  -  Uniquely designed interiors.
Tribeca neighborhood is prime location for foodies, local explorers and relaxing in-house at the Shibui Spa and indoor pool. Modern rooms with all mod-cons. Enjoy casual Italian dining at Locanda Verde, or in the courtyard with the great bar. Perfect location for nightlife and New York!
  -  Hop on the metro at Franklin Street and explore the city at ease.
  -  Hip and happening.
  -  Good for local colour.
  -  Mr & Mrs Smith, Tablet
An old favourite with spectacular neo-deco Jacques Granges interiors. Right in the heart of Upper East Side, old style elegance meets modern chic. The award-winning restaurant is reason enough to visit. A super stylish way to experience New York. Popular with celebs and New York royalty!
  -  Upper East Side glamour in all its old-moneyed glory with a clean cut and suave injection of style from designer Jacques Grange.
  -  The phenomenal Jean Georges heads the kitchen here, be prepared for some of the best food in NY- and that's saying something!
  -  New York was made for walking, this hotels central location makes it ideal for exploring on foot.
  -  Hip and happening.
  -  Tablet, Fodors, Frommers, Johansens, Kiwi Collection
Copyright © Hotel Guru 2018
Responsive website design