News by FinTech Collective
Co-Founder, FinTech Collective
Software Engineer at Fintech Collective
MBA Candidate, The Wharton School
Director of Investments @ FinTech Collective
News by FinTech Collective Archive
iOS8 could have an impact on FinTech
With iOS 8 installed on thousands of developer devices, details about the operating system continue to leak out. Some features could have an impact on FinTech.. 
The big ones we noticed were: 
Randomized MAC addresses and 
Safari credit card scanning.
Randomized MAC addresses - iOS randomizes the MAC addresses of iOS devices when scanning for WiFi networks, which makes it more difficult for companies to track and gather location data on a customer.
Safari credit card scanning - In iOS 8, Safari can utilize the camera to scan in credit card numbers when making online purchases, a faster alternative than manually entering a credit card number. Currently, this scanning function is available in the App Store to scan in iTunes Cards, and the credit card scan functions in the same way. 
Mac Rumors: iOS 8 Tidbits: Randomized MAC Addresses, Safari Credit Card Scanning, Indoor Mapping, and More 
— Joseph Tame (@tamegoeswild) 
iOS 8 Tidbits: Randomized MAC Addresses, Safari Credit Card Scanning, Indoor Mapping, and More 
— Andreas (@decider148) 
On ios8 you can pay by taking a photo of your credit card... 
— Nick Sherrard (@NickSherrard) 
            More posts by Gareth Jones
Chinese headmaster fired over secret coin mining at school
Neighborly to announce the communities chosen for their broadband accelerator on Nov. 15th
MoneyLion, Team Penske Roar into 2019 Partnership
Quants Are Facing a Crisis of Confidence
Charge card startup Brex aims for decacorn success
            Recent posts from News by FinTech Collective
CoinDesk launches the crypto-economics explorer, a new way to visualize crypto
Meet the Robot Who Knows How to Trade Bonds Better Than You Do
We’ve Expanded to the UK and Enrolled in the Open Banking Directory
HSBC JOINS AXONI’S $36 MILLION SERIES B FINANCING ROUND
As a free user, you can follow Passle and like posts.
To repost this post to your own Passle blog, you will need to upgrade your account.
For plans and pricing, please contact our sales team at 
Sorry, you don't have permission to repost or create posts.
Your repost is currently a draft. 
Review your repost and request approval
Something went wrong whilst reposting - please try again.
Sorry - this is not an option. This post already exists in the Passle you have selected.
Try reposting to another Passle.
NEWS BY FINTECH COLLECTIVE
©FINTECH COLLECTIVE, INC. 2012 - 