 SSHHH! Company Secrets
Hacks, facts, insider secrets, and horror stories from your favorite retail stores, product lines, and places to shop.
All About Movie Theaters
Working at Victoria's Secret
Secrets Behinds the Things You Use
Placebo Product Nobody Needs
Public Pools Facts to Freak You Out
Inside Your Amazon Delivery
Secrets from Aboard Cruise Ships
Things Your Gym May Be Hiding
Everything to Know About IKEA
Bizarre Facts About Lululemon
Dirty Facts About Flying Airlines
PETA Is the F*cking Worst
Groceries Are So Manipulative
Timeshare Secrets They Don't Tell You
Horrifying Secrets from Daycares
How AriZona Tea Still Costs 99¢
Things Groceries Recall the Most
American Apparel Was Disgusting
Beware These Marketing Trix
Photo: Patrick Hoesly via Flickr
 The Coolest Facts You Didn't Know About Instagram  
 Vote up the most interesting facts that you learned from this list
Before we had Instagram, Facebook dominated the 
 landscape. Then, when Instagram was looking like it could be the next big thing, Facebook went ahead and bought the company for a cool $1 billion. That was back in 2012. Now, Instagram is on top of the world as one of the most popular social networking sites around. 
Even if you're on Instagram everyday like a lot of people, chances are that you don't know everything about the site. From the most liked picture to how much some of the top users get paid per post, there's a near endless supply of Instagram facts out there. 
While Twitter seems to be losing steam, Instagram is only getting more and more popular. Some of the most popular celebrity accounts get more new followers in an hour than most of us will in a year. Instagram isn't just interesting on the surface, though. There are loads of interesting I
nstagram statistics that demonstrate just how popular and influential the photo-sharing platform really is. 
cool things about Instagram
 that it's hard to even know where to start. Thanks to this list, next time you're trying to explain the popularity of Instagram to your grandparents, you'll know all the important facts and numbers behind the social media giant.
Over 30 Billion Photos Have Been Uploaded
 In a little less than six years, 
 were uploaded to Instagram. The platform was launched in 2010 and has since gone on to become the go-to destination for sharing selfies and photos of your food. 
 The 30 Hottest High School Girls (Played by Actresses 20+) 
Times Square Is the Most Popular Place on Instagram
 When it comes to geotagging, New York's 
was the most Insta-popular location in 2015. Paris's Eiffel Tower, London's Tower Bridge, Moscow's Red Square, and Los Angeles's Dodger's Stadium rounded out the top five. 
 Professional Wrestlers Who Died Young 
Nearly a Quarter of Americans Have an Instagram Account
77.6 million Americans
 are on Instagram. That comes out to just over 24% of the country's overall population. 
 Awesome Superpowers We'd Give Anything to Have 
Love Is the Most Popular Hashtag on Instagram
 It's all about the #love. When it comes to 
hashtags on Instagram
, love rules the roost. Also among the top tags are #cute, #tbt, #me, #beautiful, #happy, and #fun. 
 The 34 Hottest Odd-Looking Women 
 The Top Clothing Brands for Men 
 Top 10 Current Queries: 
miami marlins baseball
Richard Madden girlfriend
you re so hipster jokes
smartest female superhero
 follow us on pinterest 
 subscribe to our top lists 