How much for a stylish one-bedroom duplex in Prospect-Lefferts Gardens?
Can you guess correctly?
        Sep 28, 2016,  4:00pm EDT
How much for a stylish one-bedroom duplex in Prospect-Lefferts Gardens?
 is Curbed's pricing guessing game. How much do you think this place is asking? Drop your guess in the comments, and remember, no cheating!
 1BR/1.5BA co-op in Prospect-Lefferts Gardens
An expansive one-bedroom duplex within Prospect-Lefferts Gardens offers more than meets the eye. Besides having a private entrance, the generous space comes with an open living room and kitchen, huge recreational room that can be utilized as a home office or a second bedroom, and access to the beautiful communal garden. Storage space hasn’t been spared either, as there are five large closets, each with serious pack-away power. Other amenities include a security system, washer/dryer unit, and a nice amount of natural light.
So, given the size and location, how much do you think this place is going for?
Soho triplex with six terraces, jacuzzi returns for $59M
5 open houses in Greenwich Village to check out this weekend
Here’s what $700K buys around NYC right now 
Sherry-Netherland’s penthouse gets another price cut, now wants $67M
Fort Greene 2BR with massive backyard wants $925K
Samuel L. Jackson lists Upper East Side combo pad for $13M
Amazon’s HQ2 deal with New York, explained
Everything you need to know about Amazon’s deal with New York
Long Island City’s forgotten history
Amazon’s new home was once its own sprawling city
Everything you need to know about the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade
Routes, street closures, and other important information.
5 open houses in Greenwich Village to check out this weekend
Check out studios through two-bedrooms, starting at $500,000.
Free express bus service to LaGuardia Airport is back for Thanksgiving 
The Q70—aka the LaGuardia Link—will provide free service between the airport and Queens subway stops
Enter your email address
    By signing up, you agree to our 
 and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
  This Article has a component height of 24. The sidebar size is long.
Cuomo, deputy mayor go on the offensive over HQ2 backlash
State and city officials who brokered the HQ2-in-Long Island City deal are responding to the backlash
Soho triplex with six terraces, jacuzzi returns for $59M
The glorious apartment has shaved a few millions off its price tag.
ABC No Rio can bring passive house headquarters to Lower East Side
The arts collective’s new home base has been over a decade in the making.
MTA will hold public hearings on its forthcoming fare hikes
Now’s your chance to weigh in on the MTA’s forthcoming subway and bus fare increases.
Free express bus service to LaGuardia Airport is back for Thanksgiving 
The Q70—aka the LaGuardia Link—will provide free service between the airport and Queens subway stops
Everything you need to know about the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade
Routes, street closures, and other important information.
  All Systems Operational
Check out our status page for more details.
, Inc. All Rights Reserved