Brooklyn Bridge Walking Tour
The 2.1 km stroll across the Brooklyn Bridge makes a great walking tour with unparalleled views of the New York Skyline
     The Brooklyn Bridge stretches towards Manhattan and a beautiful sunset 
For a true Big Apple experience, spend a sunny afternoon strolling across the Brooklyn Bridge, one of the most iconic landmarks in New York City for over 125 years.  Completed in 1883, the Brooklyn Bridge crosses the East River connecting Manhattan and Brooklyn.
                The timeless beauty of its Gothic-inspired stone pylons and sweeping steel cables has inspired many, including Walt Whitman, Frank Sinatra and Georgia O'Keefe.  the Brooklyn Bridge Walk allows visitors to follow in their footsteps for a unique vantage point to appreciate the breathtaking New York City skyline with unrivalled views of the 
                  Starting your walk from Brooklyn offers a more dramatic perspective, while beginning in Manhattan may be more convenient. Departing on either end, the walkway offers 1.3 miles of outstanding photo opportunities, so bring your camera and plan on spending at least one hour.  Remember to dress for the weather and wear comfortable shoes; the wood plank walkway is not high heel friendly.  Sightseers should stay within the designated pedestrian area and be mindful of cyclists.
                  There are no facilities or food vendors available on the Brooklyn Bridge Walk, but you can enjoy a treat of Brooklyn Ice Cream (1 Water St) or enjoy a world-famous slice at Grimaldi's (19 Old Fulton Street).  On the Manhattan side, it is a short walk to South Street Seaport for a wide variety of dining options (Pier 17, Fulton and South Street).
 Brooklyn Bridge, New York, NY 10038, USA
Brooklyn Bridge / City Hall
High Street / Brooklyn Bridge
Clark Street / Brooklyn Bridge
How to get to Brooklyn Bridge by Subway
From Manhattan, take the 4, 5 or 6 train to Brooklyn Bridge / City Hall
 and follow Park Row to Center Street (2 minutes) or take the N or R to City Hall and walk east across City Hall Park to Park Row, turn right and walk north to the promenade entrance.
From Brooklyn, take the A or C train to High Street / Brooklyn Bridge
 stop and go north on Cadman Plaza E, then left on Prospect Street to the stairs in the underpass (4 minutes) or for a more scenic, but slightly longer route take the 2 or 3 train to Clark Street, take the elevator to street level, turn left onto Little Henry Street, cross at Cranberry Street and take the path through the co-op houses. Continue across the street to Cadman Plaza West and follow the path through Cadman Plaza Park to Washington Street.
Map & Instant Route Finder
Click&Go Map and Route Finder with public transit, walking, driving or cycling directions.  Get up-to-the-minute transit times for your route.
 Get Instant Directions to Brooklyn Bridge
Finding Your Route - Please Wait 
 Great place to come and explore when I'm feeling touristy. Its lovely and the view is great but definitely not for those who are bothered by big crowds - if that's not your thing come explore during the week rather than the weekends!
Stephanie Perez - 12 days ago
 What a Wonderful Experience. You might think it's a Long walk, but before you know it, you're in the other side. A real Must. Lot's of people so be prepared. Take time to enjoy the Views!!! Enjoy!
Francine Swift - 13 days ago
 it is very hard to say anything in words that will bring Justice to the Experience on the Brooklyn Bridge. I highly recommend if you are physically able to walk the Brooklyn Bridge for an experience like no other. While you doing that stop to appreciate the beauty of the city behind and take a lot of pictures.
Tony Oz - 21 days ago
 Though this is a high traffic bridge with many people, it is totally worth the trip. Be mindful of bikers on the path. Great place to get to know other people. Stop by every so often and observe the surroundings. You can see many places from this bridge. One of my interesting things to do is to take some time and look at the age of the steel and ropes of the old bridge. Looking at the bridge structure you can really see the power of the bridge. About halfway through the bridge on the south side you can see the statute of liberty. Great scenery for pictures and videos. This would be and ideal location for wedding photography, or proposals. I’d like to bring your attention to the mid half of the bridge. The area that exposes almost every side of the city. Hope you enjoy it as much as I did.
Paul Khrab - 1 month ago
 What a wonderful place to meander about enjoying all of the diverse faces from around the globe. We were there at the perfect time to witness the sunset on a delightful day. This is certainly something to put on your list of things to do when visiting Brooklyn. Quite memorable and highly enjoyable.
Larry Reese - 1 month ago
This video shows you exactly how to access the Brooklyn Bridge walk from either Manhattan or Brooklyn
     Enjoying a nice day walking across the Brooklyn Bridge 
Brooklyn Bridge New York - RX1 
Good Morning, New York 
 by lukas schlagenhauf
New York City - Manhattan sunrise 
 by Zeeyolq Photography
Brooklyn Bridge purple hour 
 by lukas schlagenhauf
12 | 52 - Girl on the Brooklyn Bridge 
Brooklyn bridge - Lower Manhattan, NY 
 by Malinda Rathnayake
Get a New York City Explorer Pass - the most flexible NYC attraction pass available
 No rushing. Valid for a full 30 days after you visit your first attraction.
 Convenient. One pass for multiple attractions.
 Flexible. Available for 3, 4, 5, 7, or 10 attractions.  Choose from 78 top attractions as you go.
 Even More Flexible. Build your own custom pass.
NYC Attractions at a Glance
Brooklyn Botanic Garden
New York Botanical Garden
Washington Square Park
Coney Island Beach and Boardwalk
Pelham Bay Park and Orchard Beach
Empire State Building
Grand Central Terminal
The Flatiron Building
The New York Public Library
One World Trade Center (Freedom Tower)
St. Patrick's Cathedral
American Museum of Natural History
Intrepid Sea, Air and Space Museum
New York Hall of Science
The Skyscraper Museum
Brooklyn Museum of Art
Madame Tussauds Wax Museum
Metropolitan Museum of Art
Whitney Museum of American Art
Ellis Island and the Immigration Museum
Lower East Side Tenement Museum
Museum of the City of New York
National Museum of the American Indian
Brooklyn Academy of Music
Radio City Music Hall
Madison Square Garden
Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum
Deno's Wonder Wheel Amusement Park
Luna Park on Coney Island
Central Park Wildlife Center
 New York City Hotel Deals
Best Price Guaranteed
1,221,092 Properties Worldwide
View New York Attractions Map 
NYC Activites and Attractions
See all New York Attractions
NYC Public Transportation Overview
 Airport Transportation
 Real Time Transit Alerts
 Our Top NYC Travel Tips
 Hotels near the Subway
 This Week's NYC Hotel Deals
Visiting New York City?
Here's why we use Booking.com for our hotel bookings.
All rights reserved. Except where indicated all content is copyrighted by TourbyTransit and One Search Publishing. Photographs with attribution and embedded videos are copyrighted or licensed by their respective owners.  TourbyTransit is a One Search Publishing company.
Help us grow! Please Share 
 Contest Alerts, Travel Tips, Upcoming Events and More!