The top 10 things to do in New York
Published on October 7, 2016
October 7, 2016 • 1 Likes • 0 Comments
Content Marketing Manager at FlightNetwork.com
Home to the Empire State Building, Times Square, Statue of Liberty and other iconic sites, New York City is a fast-paced, globally influential center of art, culture, fashion and finance. The legendary Big Apple has so much to see that it can be overwhelming so we’ve put together a list of the to 10 things to see and do here based on popularity!
For more than 150 years, visitors have flocked to Central Park’s 843 green acres in the heart of Manhattan. Since 1980, the Park has been managed by the Central Park Conservancy, in partnership with the public. Central Park is open 6 am to 1 am daily. Visit the official website of Central Park to learn more about Park happenings and activities and to learn how you to help Central Park!
2. The Metropolitan Museum of Art
At New York City’s most visited museum and attraction, you will experience over 5,000 years of art from around the world. The Met is for anyone as a source of inspiration, insight and understanding. You can learn, escape, play, dream, discover, connect.
3. Top of the Rock Observation Deck
Top of the Rock Observation Deck, the newly opened, 3-tiered observation deck on the 67th, 69th and 70th floors of 30 Rockefeller Plaza, is New York City’s most amazing attraction! The unforgettable experience includes a panoramic 360-degree, unobstructed view from the 70th floor observatory, 850 feet in the sky! Hours of Operation: 8:00 AM – Midnight, last elevator goes up at 11:00 PM.Main entrance is located on 50th Street between 5th & 6th Avenues.
The Manhattan Skyline can be seen from many vantage points, it’s a major life experience and if you’re visiting New York, it’s a must see! A few popular viewpoints for the Manhattan Skyline can be seen from the Statue of Liberty ferry, the World Trade Centre and the Empire State Building.
The most famous theatre district in the world. The Theater District is home to 40 large professional theaters. Each of these theaters seats 500 or more people and hosts a constantly changing variety of productions, including plays and musicals. It’s a great place for people watching, taking pictures and enjoying the arts. You can’t visit the Big Apple and not go to Broadway!
The High Line is an elevated railway transformed into a public park on Manhattan’s West Side. The park features lush horticulture, artworks, seasonal food vendors, community programming, and unique views of the Hudson River and New York City skyline. The High Line runs between Gansevoort Street to West 34th Street, between 10th and 12th Avenues.
The best way to explore and experience NYC is through a City Tour. Discover a new side of the city via the one of the many tours available. City Tours gives you the opportunity to see city through the eyes of real New Yorkers. Explore its rich history, the cracks and crevices, the side streets, and the culture of New York. There are plenty of tours to choose from in NYC that will help you experience the real New York!
8. Grand Central Terminal
Grand Central Terminal is the most extraordinary public space in New York City. Opened to the public in 1913, this historic train terminal is a world-famous landmark in Midtown. Its rich history is a story of immense wealth and great engineering. Grand Central is one of the busiest train stations in the world, with approximately 750,000 visitors every day. It is the home of Metro-North Railroad, a subway station, iconic restaurants, shops, and the world’s most alluring Apple Store.
9. Empire State Building
The world-famous Empire State Building offers unobstructed panoramic views of New York City and beyond from 8 a.m. until 2 a.m. daily. Soaring 1,454 feet above Midtown Manhattan from base to antenna, the Empire State Building is the World’s Most Famous Office Building. On a clear day, you can see up to five states from the Observation Decks – New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Connecticut and Massachusetts. A must see while you’re in New York!
10. The Statue of Liberty
The Statue of Liberty Enlightening the World was a gift of friendship from the people of France to the people of the United States and is a universal symbol of freedom and democracy. Catch a ferry across to Liberty Island, take photos and enjoy the Manhattan skyline. The statue will leave you in awe, this is a New York “Must Visit!”
Content Marketing Manager at FlightNetwork.com
to leave your comment
More from Kate Moswood
The World’s 50 Best Beaches©
8 Ways to be Healthy While Traveling