Queens officials come out against Amazon’s HQ2 in Long Island City
Some elected officials plan to hold a rally in opposition to Amazon on Wednesday
How Fishs Eddy has survived—and thrived—in NYC’s shifting retail landscape
Fishs Eddy co-founder Julie Gaines recounts the quirky shop’s history and survival in a new graphic memoir
What $1,700 rents in NYC right now
See what you can get in neighborhoods like Bushwick, Washington Heights, and Kew Gardens.
For under $500K, a cozy Upper West Side studio with a sleeping alcove
The spacious studio is part of an elevator co-op building on West 70th Street
Harassment on NYC public transportation means women spend more than men
A survey by NYU’s Rudin Center for Transportation found disparities in the cost of getting around NYC for men and women
Site of Bed-Stuy’s former Slave Theater is for sale
The site, along with two adjacent lots, are going for $38 million.
Brooklyn developer Hello Living sets sights its on Inwood
This site was once in the news for a heated rezoning battle over a proposed 17-story residential tower
NYC targets Midtown’s Atelier condo for illegal short-term rentals
The city has issued violations to 20 apartments owners within the 46-story building
Chase’s new Midtown HQ could be a supertall with new Metro-North access
The banking giant seeks to modify the required public space in its new, Foster + Partners-designed building
A renovation 47 years in the making—and a mother-son dream team
An interior designer takes on a project with clients he knows well—his parents.
Amazon HQ2 may bypass City Council to settle in Long Island City
Gov. Andrew Cuomo may opt for a general project plan to avoid the city’s traditional review process.
Big reveal: $899K for a Boerum Hill co-op with 2 wood-burning fireplaces
Yesterday, we challenged you to guess the asking price of this two-bedroom co-op in Boerum Hill. Today, we reveal the correct amount and the commenter that reigned supreme.
Mapping Williamsburg’s unstoppable development boom
There are nearly two dozen projects in various stages of development in the neighborhood right now
The best ice skating rinks in New York City
Ice-skating season will be here before you know it—here’s where to practice those pirouettes in NYC.
Everything you need to know about NYC’s Veterans Day parade
The annual commemoration of military vets will march up Fifth Avenue on Sunday, November 11.
How a Brooklyn school district is integrating—with the help of urban planners
District 15—which includes Park Slope, Sunset Park, and Boerum Hill—has a new integration plan going into effect for Fall 2019 sixth graders.
Here’s what $500K buys around NYC right now 
See what you can get in neighborhoods like Lenox Hill, Prospect Heights, and Harlem
5 open houses in Murray Hill to check out this weekend
Check out apartments asking from $355,000 to $1.9 million.
How much for a Boerum Hill co-op with 2 wood-burning fireplaces?
The two-bedroom, one-bathroom home is part of a red brick townhouse
New York Transit Museum’s vintage subway trains will return for the holidays 
Holiday Nostalgia Rides will return for the season on Sunday, November 25.
City will allow Brooklyn’s iconic Watchtower sign to be replaced
After a back-and-forth battle between property owners and the Department of Buildings, a new sign will soon be installed.
As Industry City gears up for rezoning, locals question who will benefit
A rezoning proposal seeks to create 1.3 million square feet of new commercial and industrial space
Google eyeing West Village’s St. John’s Terminal for expansion
The search engine company is reportedly planning to buy or lease within the redeveloped building.
NYC basement apartments up for debate at City Council hearing
An East New York pilot program will be up for discussion at a City Council hearing on Tuesday.
Uber co-founder Travis Kalanick buys $40M penthouse at Renzo Piano’s NYC condo
The penthouse sold for more than $4 million less than its asking price.
NYC’s rent laws poised for major reform after midterm elections
Tenants’ rights advocates made reforming NYC’s rent laws a major issue in the midterm elections
Tribeca’s historic Staple Street skybridge returns for $35M
The unusual home is back with a $15 million price cut.
Know your legislators: a guide to NYC’s elected officials
Wondering who your representatives are—from the state to the city level? Here’s a primer, complete with quick and easy ways to get in touch with them.
Sunny Clinton Hill co-op with lovely arches asks $765K
The two-bedroom, one-bathroom co-op is part of a four-story building on Clinton Avenue
Get a glimpse at what NYC homes looked like in the 1940s
The NYC Municipal Archives have added 720,000 newly digitized photos to its online collection.
Amazon’s Long Island City HQ2 could be part of Anable Basin megaproject
Plaxall Realty is looking to rezone a 15-acre waterfront site in Long Island City, and Amazon could set up shop there
NYC’s ballot measures all receive decisive approval
Campaign finance reform, civic engagement, and community board term limits were on the table
First look at Lord & Taylor building’s Bjarke Ingels-designed revamp
The iconic store will close its Fifth Avenue location after 104 years to make way for the shared workspace company.
Everything you need to know about New York’s midterm elections
When to register to vote, how to find your polling place, and more information about the November 6 general election.
For $215K, a cozy Jackson Heights studio with a balcony
The light-filled apartment spans 450 square feet.
  All Systems Operational
Check out our status page for more details.
, Inc. All Rights Reserved