NYC Real Estate Market Reports
Tracking the fluctuations of real estate in New York, including how luxury real estate has changed over time. 
Long Island City real estate interest spikes after Amazon HQ2 announcement
There’s been a massive uptick in online searches and visits to brokers offices since the initial announcement last week
Brooklyn, Queens neighborhoods to receive bulk of NYC’s new apartments by 2020
New York City is expected to receive 31,000 new housing units by 2020 and most of it will be outside of Manhattan.
How affordable homeownership is threatened in NYC
This report examines the state of affordable homeownership in New York City, 10 years after the financial crisis.
NYC buyers score better deals amid declining new condo sales
Condos in new buildings are selling at a slower pace than before, offering more buyers access to greater perks.
NYC home prices have gone up 30% since the 2008 financial crisis
According to a new StreetEasy report, home values have surpassed their pre-recession highs
Property taxes for low-income New Yorkers have increased 98% since 2005
Property taxes have grown at triple the rate of incomes.
In NYC, few neighborhoods offers homes under $500 per square foot
In Manhattan, options are slim to none, but plentiful in the Bronx and Staten Island.
NYC’s record number of homes for sale might spur price drops
Experts are optimistic that as the number of homes for sale increases, sellers will be forced to drop prices.
Two Queens neighborhoods surpassed $1M median sales mark
Queens achieved this record in the second quarter of 2018
In NYC, two-bedrooms under $1M are a rare commodity
One of the many reasons why fewer homes are being purchased while affordability continues to disappear.
See what $200K buys in Manhattan compared to other U.S. cities
15 Central Park West is, once again, NYC’s best-selling condo
The building came on top in terms of average price per square foot on its sold units.
House flipping is threatening NYC’s last remaining affordable neighborhoods
A new report weighs the consequences of flipping houses and how it’s diminishing the city’s stock of affordable homes.
The best holiday window displays in NYC, mapped
The 35 best things to do in New York City with kids 
Mapping Williamsburg’s unstoppable development boom
Enter your email address
    By signing up, you agree to our 
 and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
NYC’s most expensive neighborhoods include several new Brooklyn entrants
Fort Greene saw the biggest year-over-year surge in terms of median sales price, growing by 131 percent
Federal tax overhaul curbs 2018 sales in NYC
This quarter marked the lowest sales numbers in more than six years. Market experts say the new tax law is the catalyst for the change.
The best and worst months to buy in NYC
The best times to buy are in the spring and the fall for a variety of reasons.
NYC’s best neighborhoods to buy and sell homes
The best neighborhoods to buy homes are in Manhattan and the best to sell are in the outer boroughs.
Nearly half of New Yorkers think the city is unaffordable
And more insights from StreetEasy’s latest report on New York housing and affordability.
Rental concessions keep rising, with records set across the city 
Concessions now account for about half of the market share
Brooklyn and Queens markets slow down, but prices remain near record highs
Median sales prices in the fourth quarter are high, but not rising.
In 2017, NYC foreclosures reached its highest level since 2009
In 2017, foreclosures were up 58 percent year-over-year from 2016.
New York’s sales market ends 2017 with tax bill uncertainty, lower prices
Sales cooled as buyers awaited the outcome of the new tax laws
NYC real estate and architecture experts reflect on 2017's biggest moments
The year that was, and what to look forward to in 2018.
'West Harlem' tops StreetEasy's list of 2018 neighborhoods to watch
StreetEasy picked this section of Harlem for its rising sales price, its affordability to renters, and access to the subway.
Tribeca still reigns supreme as NYC's most expensive neighborhood
Unsurprisingly Manhattan’s neighborhoods dominated the top 50 list across the city.
To buy a home in NYC, you’ll need an annual income of $100K: study
Mortgage and loan information publisher HSH reveals that ugly truth.
Watch us build the Home of the Future
This new video series chronicles the buildout of a prefab home in Austin, Texas—designed with cutting-edge technology, sustainability, and innovation in mind.
Video gives first glimpse of Philly’s Metropolitan Opera House renovations
"Are you ready, Philadelphia?"
Explore Central Park’s oldest architectural wonders  
Dating back to the park’s inception in the mid 1800s, these famous structures have unique histories few may know about
Surprise: NYC is one of the world's most expensive cities
It's still the most expensive city in North America
Crown Heights's most affordable homes for sale right now
The most affordable properties for sale right now in Crown Heights on a price per square foot basis range from a multi-family townhouse asking $215/square foot to a two-bedroom condo seeking $501/square foot.
Amid a building boom, Brooklyn properties fly off the market at rising prices
For some firms, Q3 was the strongest quarter for Brooklyn sales in nine years.
Manhattan co-ops see record-setting prices while luxury sales decline
Fewer closings at luxury buildings mean pricing was down this quarter.
Harlem townhouse prices have increased 171 percent since 2009
The extent to which Harlem townhouse prices have skyrocketed has been detailed in a new study published by PropertyShark.
New York’s most expensive condo is 15 Central Park West
The building had the highest average price per square foot last year.
New York neighborhoods where it’s better to buy than rent
Thinking of buying? Check out these neighborhoods.
Manhattan’s average price per square foot surpasses that of other major U.S. cities
The subject of NeighborhoodX’s latest analysis is average price per square foot in Manhattan compared to that in other major cities across the United States.
New York's high-end sales market hits its worst week since Hurricane Sandy
The total dollar volume of contracts signed last week was the lowest it’s been in over a year.
New York’s most and least affordable neighborhoods
Going in on which of the city’s neighborhoods are most affordable and least affordable in relation to their median household incomes.
Brooklyn home prices continue their astronomical rise
It was a busy quarter in Brooklyn, with both the average and median price of a home hitting new highs.
Manhattan apartment prices are at an all-time high—again
Despite indicators of a cooling market, apartment prices in Manhattan are still reaching new heights.
These are the 10 richest neighborhoods in NYC
Where do the wealthiest New Yorkers live? The answers may surprise you (or not).
  All Systems Operational
Check out our status page for more details.
, Inc. All Rights Reserved