World Trade Center Transportation Hub
Santiago Calatrava’s Oculus at the World Trade Center is one of New York’s newest architectural gems. Here, find news and updates about the World Trade Center Transportation Hub project, including details on its design and cost.
Skylight at World Trade Center Oculus opens for 9/11 anniversary
The 335-foot-long skylight will open to commemorate the 17th anniversary of 9/11
The status of the World Trade Center complex, 17 years later 
On the 17th anniversary of 9/11, check in on the progress at the World Trade Center
Cortlandt Street subway, demolished on 9/11, is now open
The 1 train is stopping at the station once again
The World Trade Center Oculus opened this morning as a 9/11 memorial
The 335-foot-long skylight of Santiago Calatrava’s Oculus opened to commemorate the anniversary of 9/11.
The status of the World Trade Center complex, 16 years later
On the 16th anniversary of 9/11, check in on the progress at the World Trade Center.
An ‘astonishing time capsule’ reopens at the World Trade Center
A travertine-paved passageway underneath the World Trade Center has reopened for the first time since September 11. The passageway is the one of the only remaining vestiges of the original WTC, and holds haunting reminders of the rescue effort.
The status of the World Trade Center complex, 15 years later
This weekend marks the 15th anniversary of the September 11 attacks, and though it’s been a long road back for Lower Manhattan, the past decade and change—and the past three years in particular—have seen a lot of progress.
Photos: WTC Transportation Hub’s mall gets its grand opening
After 15 years in the making, the highly anticipated Westfield mall within the World Trade Center's Oculus is finally open. Naturally, attendees captured the excitement of the event in social media posts.
WTC Transportation Hub mall plagued by more delays
Chief among those problems is the fact that retail tenants are walking away, and four tenants have already backed out of leases less than a month before the scheduled opening on August 16.
Passageway Connecting WTC Hub and Fulton Center Finally Opens
The passageway provides a vital link between nine subway lines that pass through the Fulton Center and the PATH Station. Once these transit hubs open their retail components, the path will also provide a connection for shopping.
WTC Hub Passageway To Be Branded With A 280-Foot Digital Billboard
Since this passageway opened to the public in 2013, its white marble walls have set blank, but now the owner of the shopping mall inside the WTC Hub wants to brand it with a colossal 280-foot wide digital billboard.
WTC Transportation Hub Could Get an Opening Ceremony in May
Finally, Port Authority's "glorious boondoggle" may finally get the ringing-in it (sort of) deserves, as the agency plans to hold an opening ceremony for the $4 billion transit center around the time of its next board meeting.
The WTC Transportation Hub Is Open! Tour Calatrava’s Creation, In Instagrams
Finally, the public can see inside the 
The best holiday window displays in NYC, mapped
The 35 best things to do in New York City with kids 
Mapping Williamsburg’s unstoppable development boom
Enter your email address
    By signing up, you agree to our 
 and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
WTC Transportation Hub Opens Today to Mixed Reviews
Santiago Calatrava's epic World Trade Center Transportation Hub will open to the public today, but early reviews are decidedly mixed.
WTC Hub Will Get An Opening Ceremony After All
Despite initial reports that the Port Authority didn't want to hold an opening celebration, the Santiago Calatrava-designed station will get a proper ceremony sometime this spring.
At Last, Tour Santiago Calatrava's World Trade Center Transportation Hub
After more than a decade, the World Trade Center Transportation Hub—and the Oculus, the spiky, controversial sculpture that tops it—is set to make its public debut.
No Fancy Unveiling Planned for WTC Transportation Hub
When Santiago Calatrava's WTC Transportation Hub opens to the public, it'll do so without a big ceremony.
Is the WTC Transportation Hub a 'Lemon' or a 'Beauty'? Archicritics Weigh In 
The public will have its chance to weigh in on Santiago Calatrava's transit hub in March, but in the meantime, here's what architecture critics have to say.
It's Official: WTC Oculus Will Open the First Week in March
WTC Transportation Hub Oculus To Open In March
World Trade Center Transportation Hub Plagued By Leaky Roof
Santiago Calatrava: 'I Deeply Consider Architecture an Art'
Skylight of World Trade Center Oculus Will Open Each Sept. 11
New Looks Inside Calatrava's $4B World Trade Center Oculus
Calatrava 'Treated Like a Dog' Over World Trade Boondoggle
Calatrava's World Trade Center Hub to Open Next Month
Watch us build the Home of the Future
This new video series chronicles the buildout of a prefab home in Austin, Texas—designed with cutting-edge technology, sustainability, and innovation in mind.
Video gives first glimpse of Philly’s Metropolitan Opera House renovations
"Are you ready, Philadelphia?"
Explore Central Park’s oldest architectural wonders  
Dating back to the park’s inception in the mid 1800s, these famous structures have unique histories few may know about
Calatrava's World Trade Center Hub Is a 'Glorious Boondoggle'
World Trade Center Redevelopment Watch
Inside the Still Unfinished $4 Billion WTC Transportation Hub
Glory Be, 3 World Trade Center Finally Started Rising Again
Why the World Trade Center Transit Hub Cost $4 Billion
World Trade Center Hub Tops Out with Final Rafter Installation
The Status of the World Trade Center Complex, 13 Years Later
World Trade Center Transportation Hub Is Basically a Big Mess
500 Sterling Pl. 50% Leased; Parts of WTC To Get Free WiFi
Archicritic Trashes Transportation Hub, Calls It 'LOL-ugly'
Calatrava's World Trade Center Transit Hub Spreads Its Wings
  All Systems Operational
Check out our status page for more details.
, Inc. All Rights Reserved