NYC’s 5 most affordable neighborhoods for college grads
Here’s a few neighborhoods are relatively affordable for entry-level salaries
        May 25, 2017,  5:15pm EDT
NYC’s 5 most affordable neighborhoods for college grads
When it comes to jobs for recent college graduates, New York City is the land of opportunities, but it’s also incredibly difficult to secure housing at a price that is affordable, especially if you’re stuck with an entry-level salary for a while. To manage the city’s super-high cost of living, many people, from students to graduates to professionals, opt to shack up with a roommate, but what if you really just want a place to truly call your own?
While it’s not easy, it’s not impossible either. Real estate listing site StreetEasy has created an 
 that shows where recent grads (or anyone for that matter) can afford to live roommate-free at various salary levels. To no surprise, pickings are slim in Manhattan but there are still plenty of neighborhoods where rent will eat up no more than 30 percent of your income. Based on a median entry salary level of $47,630/year, the most affordable neighborhoods were found to be Bushwick, Crown Heights, Astoria, Washington Heights, and Bed-Stuy (h/t 
To make things even easier, we’ve taken the liberty to spot a few places that are on the market for each of the five aforementioned neighborhoods, giving an idea of what to expect (don’t expect a doorman or anything high-end). Here’s what we found:
Believe it or not, there is still some relative affordability to be found in Bed-Stuy if you know where to look.
Brick & Galo Realty Corp.
 on the top floor of a walkup building at 495 Quincy Street is renting for $1,400/month. Granted, it’s not exactly a steal for a studio but it’s about as low as things go on the market right now for the neighborhood.
The current selection of affordable homes are a little on the pricier side but can be manageable depending on your salary situation.
 offers virtually no frills and the kitchen is 
 but rent is just $1,650 and for once, you get more than a studio for that price. It also receives a great deal of sunlight and a fair amount of storage space.
Though Astoria is seeing a lot of changes in the form of several new developments as of lately, there are still chances to score an apartment at a price that isn’t completely outrageous. 
↑There’s this 300-square-foot 
 that’s going for $1,350/month. Yes, it’s small but from the looks of things, the space receives a fair amount of sunlight and the kitchen features full-sized appliances.
There’s plenty of options available in Crown Heights for affordable studios and one-bedrooms. The best part is that many of those on the market are pretty spacious for their going price.
↑Score this lovely prewar studio, filled with sunlight, for 
. The apartment appears spacious and there’s even some nice details in place that includes a decorative mantles, bay windows, and shiny hardwood floors.
 for $1,475/month. You’ll get to enjoy a kitchen with stainless steel appliances, a full bathroom, and a decent sized living room.
What $1,700 rents in NYC right now
What $5,000 rents in NYC right now
What $2,500 rents in NYC right now
One57 condo with sweeping views is NYC’s priciest non-hotel rental
What $3,600 rents in NYC right now
Spacious, tranquil 1BR in Kensington wants $1,950/month
Amazon’s HQ2 deal with New York, explained
Everything you need to know about Amazon’s deal with New York
Long Island City’s forgotten history
Amazon’s new home was once its own sprawling city
Everything you need to know about the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade
Routes, street closures, and other important information.
5 open houses in Greenwich Village to check out this weekend
Check out studios through two-bedrooms, starting at $500,000.
Free express bus service to LaGuardia Airport is back for Thanksgiving 
The Q70—aka the LaGuardia Link—will provide free service between the airport and Queens subway stops
Enter your email address
    By signing up, you agree to our 
 and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
  This Article has a component height of 69. The sidebar size is long.
Soho triplex with six terraces, jacuzzi returns for $59M
The glorious apartment has shaved a few millions off its price tag.
ABC No Rio can bring passive house headquarters to Lower East Side
The arts collective’s new home base has been over a decade in the making.
MTA will hold public hearings on its forthcoming fare hikes
Now’s your chance to weigh in on the MTA’s forthcoming subway and bus fare increases.
Free express bus service to LaGuardia Airport is back for Thanksgiving 
The Q70—aka the LaGuardia Link—will provide free service between the airport and Queens subway stops
Everything you need to know about the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade
Routes, street closures, and other important information.
Amazon’s HQ2 deal with New York, explained
Everything you need to know about Amazon’s deal with New York
  All Systems Operational
Check out our status page for more details.
, Inc. All Rights Reserved