News by FinTech Collective
Co-Founder, FinTech Collective
Software Engineer at Fintech Collective
MBA Candidate, The Wharton School
Director of Investments @ FinTech Collective
News by FinTech Collective Archive
Xero secures $26.4m funding
Wellington, NZ cloud accounting platform Xero has secured $26.4m in Post-IPO equity from TCV. Xero is a suite of online accounting software for small businesses, accountants, and bookkeepers. It enables its users to track and manage cash flow processes, invoicing, payments, reporting, and pay runs.
Xero chief operating and financial officer Sankar Narayan said that it’s “routine” that early-stage investors “rebalance” their portfolios.
“We’re thrilled to receive strong support from new investors who are ready to join Xero for its next phase of growth,” he said.
Business Insider reached out to TCV, but the firm declined to comment.
The move comes just days after Donald Trump’s transition team member and tech billionaire Peter Thiel sold $23 million of his Xero shares, bringing his stake to below the reporting threshold of 5%.
Last September, TCV and Google Capital led a $555 million funding round for Airbnb, while other household names like Facebook, Spotify and Vice Media have benefited from its support in the past.
A venture capital firm that backed 
 just bought a $26.4 million stake in 
— Business Insider AUS (@BIAUS) 
TCV sets its sights on Xero with a $26.4M stake, 
 The VC firm previously backed 
— Xero accounting app (@Xero) 
            More posts by Keenan Burgess
Koho raises $8m venture funding
Roadrunner preps for nationwide expansion after launching used program
Stockpile secures $30m Series B
Chime raises $18m Series B
            Recent posts from News by FinTech Collective
CoinDesk launches the crypto-economics explorer, a new way to visualize crypto
Meet the Robot Who Knows How to Trade Bonds Better Than You Do
We’ve Expanded to the UK and Enrolled in the Open Banking Directory
HSBC JOINS AXONI’S $36 MILLION SERIES B FINANCING ROUND
As a free user, you can follow Passle and like posts.
To repost this post to your own Passle blog, you will need to upgrade your account.
For plans and pricing, please contact our sales team at 
Sorry, you don't have permission to repost or create posts.
Your repost is currently a draft. 
Review your repost and request approval
Something went wrong whilst reposting - please try again.
Sorry - this is not an option. This post already exists in the Passle you have selected.
Try reposting to another Passle.
NEWS BY FINTECH COLLECTIVE
©FINTECH COLLECTIVE, INC. 2012 - 