Find a Treatment Center
7 Extraordinary Feats Your Brain Can Perform
How to activate your brain's superpowers.
Does Reading Fiction Really Improve Your Social Ability?
The College Student Mental Health Crisis (Update)
Brexit: From Boom to Bust
Another Potential Benefit of Gratitude: Healthier Eating
Intelligent Social Robots Must Have a "Theory of Mind"
A Universe Made for Us? Statistics and the Multiverse
How to Help Your College Student Access Mental Health Care
Finding Purpose in the Face of Tragedy and Adversity
Find a Treatment Center
Find a Treatment Center
7 Extraordinary Feats Your Brain Can Perform
How to activate your brain's superpowers.
Does Reading Fiction Really Improve Your Social Ability?
The College Student Mental Health Crisis (Update)
Brexit: From Boom to Bust
Another Potential Benefit of Gratitude: Healthier Eating
Intelligent Social Robots Must Have a "Theory of Mind"
A Universe Made for Us? Statistics and the Multiverse
How to Help Your College Student Access Mental Health Care
Finding Purpose in the Face of Tragedy and Adversity
Do Tennis Players Who Grunt Have an Advantage?
New research suggests we can predict tennis winners based on their grunts
Fans gear up for the US Open.
Source: Andreas Komodromos/Flickr
As the US Open tournament gets underway, tennis fans and sports pundits around the world are predicting who will walk away with the fourth and final Grand Slam title of 2017.
Serena Williams, who has six US Open titles to her name, has ruled herself out of contention due to pregnancy. Stan Wawrinka, who won the men’s tournament last year, has withdrawn with a knee injury. Neither of these former champions will win. So, who has the best shot at victory?
One way of predicting the winners is to look at the seeds, which are calculated by crunching stats on the players’ past performance. In the men’s world rankings, Rafael Nadal recently surpassed Andy Murray and so the Spaniard is odds-on favorite to take the US Open title. Karolína Plíšková, a finalist in 2016, is the top seed in the women’s tournament.
But what if we take less of a stats-focused “moneyball” approach and instead consider whether some players enjoy a psychological advantage?
“It is cheating, pure and simple.”
Recently, a team of scientists from the University of Sussex in the UK did just that. They decided to tackle one of the most controversial aspects of the modern game: grunting.
Serena Williams is known to grunt, but is out of contention at this year's tournament.
Source: Boss Tweed/Flickr
Grunting is the loud noise players make when they audibly exhale upon striking the ball. The Williams sisters, Rafael Nadal, and Novak Djokovic are all renowned for their emphatic grunting. Many grunters, including Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova, claim that grunting comes naturally to them. But others complain that grunting is an intentional tactic, designed to psychologically intimidate the opponent. Martina Navratilova has gone so far as to state that “it is cheating, pure and simple”.
Regardless of whether grunting is a tactic or an involuntary byproduct of hitting a little yellow ball really hard, there are good reasons to suspect that the properties of a grunt might predict a match’s outcome.
In the animal kingdom, physical contests are often associated with vocalizations. For example, red deer stags roar at one another during rutting season to establish dominance; if neither male backs down, only then do they resort to clashing antlers. Male deer with deeper roars tend to be in better physical condition. Likewise, male chacma baboons produce deeper calls the higher they rise in the dominance hierarchy.
Depth of call may be related to body size when we compare between species (e.g. bats produce higher pitched calls than pandas), but differences within the same species may be due to dominant individuals experiencing greater arousal, which places the vocal folds of the larynx under tension, thereby deepening the voice.
Red deer stags produce deep roars during rutting season.
Source: Carole Ratcliffe/Flickr
To test if the same might be true of tennis pro’s, Jordan Raine and his colleagues at Sussex recorded the grunting sounds of the world’s top 30 male and female players. Then they used an audio analysis computer program to measure a property of the voices called fundamental frequency — the main factor influencing voice pitch. A tenor singer has a lower fundamental frequency than a soprano.
They found that male players did produce deeper grunts than women, but that age, height, and weight were not associated with grunt depth. There was also no link between the pitch of players’ normal speaking voices and the pitch of their grunts.
Male players like 2017 top seed Rafael Nadal produce deeper grunts during matches they go on to win.
Source: Yann Caradec/Flickr
However, when the scientists compared the pitch of grunts produced during matches the players won and lost, they found that 
men produced deeper grunts in matches they went on to win
. The trend was similar in women, but not statistically significant. The difference in pitch between winners and losers was around one semitone, or a twelfth of an octave.
This difference is audible. Raine played the grunts to a group of volunteers, who were able to identify with greater accuracy than chance which grunt was produced during a winning and which during a losing match.
Both male and female players tended to produce higher pitched grunts later in a match, possibly because when people are tired and stressed their vocalizations rise in pitch. However, winners produced deeper grunts than losers at all times during a match. This suggests that we should be able to predict the winner of a match based on the pitch of their grunt right from the first serve.
Although our sample included players who grunt sufficiently frequently to allow for behavioural observation, future work may investigate predictors of variation in the occurrence of grunting both within and between players to more fully understand the mechanisms and functions of tennis grunts.
As the US Open progresses, try turning off your TV and tuning in to radio coverage. Listen closely to those sonorous grunts and have a go at predicting the victors. Assuming you’re not tone-deaf, more than half of your predictions will be correct. You might even beat the pundits!
If you enjoyed this story, you might like Rob's podcast: 
The Psychology of Attractiveness Podcast
Raine, J., Pisanski, K., & Reby, D. (2017). Tennis grunts communicate acoustic cues to sex and contest outcome. Animal Behaviour, 130, 47–55.
 The content of this field is kept private and will not be shown publicly.
Notify me when new comments are posted 
Replies to my comment 
Leave this field blank 
Robert Burriss, Ph.D.,
 is an evolutionary psychologist at Basel University in Switzerland. He produces The Psychology of Attractiveness Podcast.
Animal Magnetism: Can Pets Affect our Partner Preferences?
A scary snake or fluffy rabbit can change what we desire in a partner.
Sex with an Ex: Good or Bad for Breakup Recovery?
Psychologists track the newly single to see if sex with an ex hinders recovery.
Sexual Desire and Odor
Scientists sniff out a link between sexual desire and odor.
Sex Helps Initiate Relationships with Potential Partners
7 Signs of a Passive-Aggressive Narcissist
To Understand Your Relationships, Try Understanding Yourself
How to Spot a Female Psychopath
When the Ethical Treatment of Animals Goes Wrong
What Tennis Players Understand About Handling Losses
Research indicates taller soccer players more likely to be accused of fouls 
Bullying in the NFL: Are Pro Football Players “Mean Girls”?
Can Erotic Videos Help Football Players Score Touch Downs?
Get the help you need from a therapist near you–a FREE service from Psychology Today.
          Psychology Today © 2018 Sussex Publishers, LLC