Related groups — disregarded  
members of this group smell
Evans & Augusta GA: Notorious For Racism & Police Corruption
Racism & Police Corruption in Augusta/Evans GA.
All Photos Tagged disregarded
With the abundance of clear skies over and around Sydney in the past few weeks I felt that the time was right to make the most of them and get out for a star trail. 
After deliberating over various options and locations Damien and I eventually settled on the infamous Norwegian MV Sygna shipwreck, nestled against the shore on Stockton beach. 
This is a location we have always wanted to shoot and after looking into it with interest back in the early days of our photography lives we disregarded it as a location that was simply too much effort to reach without a 4WD. 
A few years on and a few more arduous photography expeditions under our belts and this location seemed a little more attainable.
Despite our enthusiasm though - this was not an easy location to reach and the trek through the sand dunes and along stockton beach was dark, cold long and hard. In my opinion the reward was worth it though. 
View large and, as always, thanks for looking!
Where the climb and the gale stifle the debate
where the beeches face the sea defenceless
all's reduced to the splendour of great height
the last quivering leaves, like us, breathless
from the big argument. Only iron
branches elbow out on this side, the sea side,
the gale side, trunks blasted to a sheen
gun-grey, so absolute we disregard
the lapse and flux of colours too fleeing
to fix with names — green swilling over amber —
and the fields below unstable. The beeches
could recall copperiness or rustling
sweet attics diverting us all the summer
and somehow confusing clear-cut issues. 
Copyright © 2003 Judy Gahagan All rights reserved
Enitharmon / Dufour Editions 
"You will pay for your sins..... if you have already paid, please disregard this message" - Project 366 2008 - October 1, 2008 ~
							by Turtlemom4bacon-Nancy ~
275/366 - Project 366 2008 - October 1, 2008 ~
 The prettiest purple weed I have... lol:)
Please view it on the LARGER size ~
My other child sick and lots of projects have seen another long absence from me.  All is well, but I'm uncertain if I'll be pulled away from flickr.  Take care all!
This image is the forty-first published (4/10/2013) by 
Physics states that it is not possible to observe a system without changing the system, so the observer must be considered part of the system being observed in quantum mechanics.
In photography, the same principle often applies, I'm sorry to say.
The images below relate this story:
I observed a coyote walking on railroad tracks towards a deer about 300 ft (90 m) away. They both stopped their predator-prey pas-de-deux and looked at me. The deer then bolted. Finally, the coyote stopped and just stared at me. Have they learned to be more concerned with humans than each other?
Your Tender Disregard
Image is All Rights Reserved, @2014 Lotus Carroll 
No use allowed without a license.
All my images available via 
To license other images not available via Getty or EyeEm, email me directly.
							by Sugarfairy88 Resident
Loving yourself…does not mean being self-absorbed or narcissistic, or disregarding others. Rather it means welcoming yourself as the most honored guest in your own heart, a guest worthy of respect, a lovable companion.
Don't look into the light
Biohazard alert (Explored)
Happy new year to everybody!!!
See the World from another angle...
I have this theory, that if we're told we're bad
Then that's the only idea we'll ever have
But maybe if we are surrounded in beauty
Someday we will become what we see
'Cause anyone can start a conflict
it's harder yet to disregard it
I'd rather see the world from another angle
We are everyday angels
Be careful with me 'cause I'd like to stay that way
 on Saturday, December 6, 2008 
Thanks so much for all visits, comments & faves everyone :) 
							by Trinimusic2008 -blessings
"I focus my attention on things that I can control; if I can't affect or direct it, I either disregard or accept it."  author unknown.  Thanks for your visits and stay blessed:)
img 4932  EXPLORED 26 April 2011
This perennial, sometimes known as 'knapweed' grows so easily without any fuss that it is often disregarded in the garden.  However I think it has some redeeming features and if it was difficult to grow I am sure it would be much more respected. 
Simplicity is being simple. It is a property, condition, or quality which things can be judged to have. It usually relates to the burden which a thing puts on someone trying to explain or understand it. Something which is easy to understand or explain is simple, in contrast to something complicated. In some uses, simplicity can be used to imply beauty, purity or clarity. Simplicity may also be used in a negative connotation to denote a deficit or insufficiency of nuance or complexity of a thing, relative to what is supposed to be required.
The concept of simplicity has been related to truth in the field of epistemology. According to Occam's razor, all other things being equal, the simplest theory is the most likely to be true. In the context of human lifestyle, simplicity can denote freedom from hardship, effort or confusion. Specifically, it can refer to a simple living lifestyle.
Simplicity is a theme in the Christian religion. According to St. Thomas Aquinas, God is infinitely simple. The Roman Catholic and Anglican religious orders of Franciscans also strive after simplicity. Members of the Religious Society of Friends (Quakers) practice the Testimony of Simplicity, which is the simplifying of one's life in order to focus on things that are most important and disregard or avoid things that are least important.
In MCS cognition theory, simplicity is the property of a domain which requires very little information to be exhaustively described. The opposite of simplicity is complexity.
DC-3 Engine startup approved (Explored)
This gorgeous DC-3 was completely abandoned in Barajas (Madrid) since 1974, when the operator Aeroflete went broke. Left without owner was given to Aena, which agreed to donate it in April 2010 to the Fundació Parc Aeronàutic de Catalunya (FPAC), which is based in Sabadell (Barcelona). It is now waiting there to be restored. As I work there it was easy for me to take this picture, in which I appear in my work outfit.
Paranormal asymmetry (Explored)
You are not afraid of heights, you are afraid of falling
Taking the famous phrase from "Casablanca" script, and adding a bit humour, here we can see what could be the remainings from Sam, after so many years of playing the same song over and over again.
Old times will never come back
Irreversibility phantasm I.
I had taken a seat at the far end of 
 almost three hours before this scene unfolded. Sitting the entire way, my legs started to feel numb, as did the rest of my body, sharing with the eyes the blank stare through the distancing, fading lights. The train seemed to had been engineered with an unmistakable precision, completely devoid of any mechanical faults or errors, disregarding all of my hundred and eighty twisting thoughts that were focused on rails, as I was looking back through the wet, rear winodow, with an undetourable mission to deliver a single passenger to deprivation.
A big 'thank you' to everyone who stopped by and took a moment to share opinions.
							by minions & myrmidons
"it is better to be looked over than overlooked" Mae West
The view opposite the spiral staircase,sometimes disregarded :)
Female Bluebird (Sialia currucoides)
A female Mountain Bluebird pays more attention to good nest sites than to attractive males. She chooses her mate solely on the basis of the location and quality of the nesting cavity he offers her—disregarding his attributes as a singer, a flier, or a looker.
Seaham, Durham Coast, UK.
This stretch of the Durham Coast, known as Chemical Beach (not the most attractive sounding place for a dip in the sea) is named as such as the waste material from Dawdon Colliery was dumped here, up until the pit closed in July 1991, calling time on man's blatant disregard for nature, at least in this small corner of the world.  
Around the corner is a stretch known as the Blast Beach which, interestingly, was used as a filming location for the opening scenes of Alien 3.
As always thanks in advance for any comments or favourites you may wish to make. 
Wishing you all a wonderful weekend!
This is number 1 in a series of a few photos. :)  A huge thanks to my cousin for letting us tie her to a tree for a good half hour. I had a great time shooting with Jenna, Jon and Marley this weekend! They are all so awesome! 
  © All rights reserved                             
See my most interesting here.
See all of my images here in my gallery on black:
Kirkjufell and Grundarfjörður From on High
A panoramic shot of Kirkjufell and Grundarfjörður from high up in the mountains behind  Grundarfjörður near sunset as I return down from my highest hike in hills. It was was slow going coming down. I had to disregard the paths a little and my goal going up was relatively easy going down I was running out of light and the path often went too close to subsiding soft ground or under defrosting ice which may or may not be several meters deep! I had to stop for this magnificent view one of my favourites from the trip.  
please disregard its elegance due to its hideous demeanor
drunkship of lanterns: 
  It was falling apart but still much straighter.  I, foolishly, disregarded the warning signs and walked to the end to get this shot.  I grabbed this just a little before dark and handheld my camera.  Now I have a recently purchased Markins ballhead and an Induro CT-113 carbon-fiber tripod to help myself out.  My old hands are shakier than Obama's chances at re-election...oops..did I say that :-0?  My bad!!!
I'll never leave you behind .
♪♪♪ ...How does it feel to know you never have to be alone
There must be someplace here that only you and I could go
So I can show you how I
Try so hard to disregard
The rhythm of the rain that drops
And coincides with the beating of my heart
I'll never leave you behind
I know you understand
And with a tear in my eye
Give me the sweetest goodbye
That I ever did receive... ♪♪♪ 
Maroon 5 - Sweetest Goodbye ...  
							by Lens Wide-Open Photography (Joey)
April, my daughter's purple monkey, seems intensely interested in the bokeh highlights. 
Have a great weekend, friends!
J-Tac Industries Custom AR-10
Kinda what my AR-10 would look like if I owned one.
Jake for the PEQ and camisado for the logo idea.
Continuing with the series of shots taken in the rain last Sunday in Cork. 
Nearly got into a little trouble, this time.
Okay, this one is for all my Flickr friends who believe there must be a reckoning for my blatant disdain and disregard for all things governed. Like the posting of signs that say, "No Trespassing." I promise, you will love this story.
Last night, I was driving through a newer area of Edmonton on the outskirts of the city, near to where we live. I was driving; my husband, David, was riding shotgun.
I came upon a dirt road leading off into a field. The road looked navigable with my Magnum, and so (in spite of the No Trespassing sigh) I set off down the dirt path. 
It wound in and around a few small hills, and past several piles of junk, including this lovely huge abandoned culvert.
I looked at David and asked him if he would like to join me for a sunset/night shoot. He wasn't real keen, but finally he agreed. 
We went home, did some Flickring, and then when the light got low enough, we went back to the area. I navigated the road, parked the car, pulled out the gear, set up, and waited for God to work his magic.
We shot for well over an hour...through the Golden Hour...and into the Magic Zone. The weather was warm, the mosquitoes not too bad, and the wind very light. And the sky was painted in the prettiest colors.
I had heard the growl of a large engine earlier, and expected to see a truck join us but it never did. There was a reason for that.
Finally, I figured I had shot all there was to shoot, and we packed up, started the car, very pleased with ourselves, and headed back up the road. We were in for a surprise.
As we neared the mouth of the road, where we had first entered, we could see the truck I had heard earlier. It was a huge dumptruck and it was parked directly across the road -- our only way out. 
"Oh, oh," I said to David. "How are we gonna get out of here?'
I asked David to jump out and check a rugged narrow path that led up through a ditch and onto a sidewalk. He figured we could make it -- but he doesn't drive my Magnum. There was no way my low rider would be able to navigate the steep incline of the path, and the huge ruts. There had to be another way out, or we would either be walking home, or spending the night in our car.
David noticed another pathway leading off into the field. I turned the car around, left David standing there, and raced up the dirt pathway. I was praying now. 
"Dear God, get me the heck out of here. Please, please let there be a way out at the other end of the field."
It always feels like (when in trouble like running out of gas) if you drive faster, good things will come. So, I drove faster. 
I kept following the path, going even faster now, and in the distance I could see what I didn't want to see: an end to the path blocked by huge cement blockades. Damn!
But wait...there was a small runway through (somebody else had managed to move one huge cement block aside) and I knew the Magnum could just fit. I thanked God for once again gettting me out of a pickle (He does that a lot) and edged the car through the opening. 
Ah, open road. I laughed out loud. I was free! But wait, I was missing one husband. I sped down the road, and after a few minutes made my way back to David.
The poor fellow was wandering around like a lost lamb in the middle of the field.
"Hey, David," I called. "What are you doing over there? Want a ride?'
"WTF did you take off for?" he asked me. 
"Well, I figured I would find out if I could get out. And I didn't need you with me to do that. So, I just took off."
David studied me for a moment. "You just wanted to be able to drive up here with the car, didn't you?"
I laughed. He knows me very well.
The NS Portland Turn cuts through Bangor, Pennsylvania in what amounted to a grab shot. I may have disregarded a Wrong Way Do Not Enter and a few One Way road signs. Sometimes you just gotta GTS
							by Tharangini Infrequent visitor to flickr for now
A backlit bird is often not the greatest or the easiest image to post unless you are a master. :) 
Since I am not one :) I had almost disregarded this one till I chanced upon some of the works of some masters whom I greatly admire. Taking a lot of inspiration and some chances with this one, I posted this mainly for the wonderful play of colors behind the bird and have also tried my best to bring out the bird as much as possible without affecting the natural colors. 
Since I am adding this write almost a day after posting this picture, I'll add my thanks to all the wonderful comments from all of you.
Also thanking my friends who have helped me greatly in learning the art of composition.
An appeal: Please respect the birds and their habitats while photographing them.
							by Midus Photography ( very busy at the moment)
 This orangutan is the only male in the Orangutan house. I thought he looked so handsome sitting there on his own. I wonder if he could talk in human language, what would he say to us ? Perhaps he would pity us in our hectic world, with our disrespect for each other and our disregard for some of his endangered species.
© All rights reserved  
Came upon this image among a series I shot last April of a crumbling old farmstead. It was one of those situations where it becomes overwhelming to the senses. There is simply too much to assimilate in the span of a single session. I've adapted to this sensation over the years. I don't try to fight it, but rather just go with it. The trick is to keep shooting and not be bothered too much by what seems to be working at that moment. At times like this my judgment is likely to be faulty anyway. So my process is to shoot away merrily and sort it out later after the adrenaline wears off. My natural inclination in photography is to work at very close range. I think it often adds a sense of immediacy and makes for compelling imagery. Other times I adopt wider perspectives, but often have to remind myself to do so, to back off and capture views that take in more of the big picture. I view these decisions as a sort of Rorsach test where there's really no right or wrong answer, but more of a reflection on one's mental state at that particular moment. So often when reviewing the contents of a photo folder after some time has passed since the shoot, I'll come across compelling  images that I had largely disregarded at the time. Of course the photos haven't changed, but I have. And that's the case with this view. No matter where I look, I see something that contributes to the overall atmosphere of the scene. I remember at the time thinking I must tilt the lens a bit higher to include the entirety of that gnarly tree on the right. And when I first looked at the photo I thought the perspective was odd (too much sky above the cluttered landscape, causing a sort of imbalance). But a year on, I now view it as perfectly framed. No telling how it will strike me a year from now.
Kasa smart home brand hits the great outdoors with a new weatherproof cam
By Daniel Friel /    Jul 30, 2018 7:00 AM
TP-Link's buyer smart home brand, Kasa Smart, is launching preorders today for its two up and coming smart home items, the Kasa Cam and a smart Wi-Fi plug with two outlets. Both smart home devices integrate with Amazon Alexa and Google Assistant, while the Wi-Fi plug also supports Microsoft Cortana.
The Kasa Cam Outdoor's main feature is based on what TP-Link calls "activity zones." You can set a specific area and field of view where movement ought to be identified, while disregarding the encompassing area (like a gate between shrubs). Similar to contending smart home cameras from Logitech, Canary, and others, the Kasa Cam can also disregard "miniaturized scale second events" to avoid false positives, similar to creepy crawlies flying past the camera lens or rapidly moving cars.
Downloaded video from the Kasa Cam is put away in full 1080p HD via the Kasa Smart cloud for up to two days for up to three cameras. If you require longer storage, 14-day and 30-day membership plans are available. The Kasa Cam will retail for $139.
On the other side, if you want to better control the power in your home, the Kasa Smart Wi-Fi fitting can turn any "moronic" appliance smart by allowing you to plan devices to turn on/off. It's compatible with the Kasa Home app or voice commands from Amazon Alexa, Google Home, or Microsoft Cortana, and it retails for $39.
Back Alley Pizza :pizza:. It's a shame to see such blatant disregard for the well being of such a fine looking slice! @jcrowleyjr #jimmiecrow #flickr #uptownharrisburg #pizzadisrespect
A book and some bokeh to wash it down please?
 It's midnight. My body screams for sleep but my mind haughtily disregards its servants cries...gotta.finish.this.book!!!
For ODC = "In the mood for"
okay, a mildly redone and reworked version of the previous... if you wish, disregard the one before, tis okay :)
Way better on black...