All Photos Tagged williamsburgbridge
NYC Nights - Domino Park . . . June 11th, 2018
The newest Brooklyn based waterfront park, Domino, opened on June 10th, 2018 . . . Located alongside the Williamsburg Bridge, the site had been occupied by a monstrous complex devoted to sugar manufacturing (Domino) . . . Transforming into residential palaces (ongoing), the waterfront was converted into a park . . . Nice to roam around an area that had been off limits to only a select few beforehand . . . 
 (all time) views! Thank you 
 for the continued support! :-)
Williamsburg Bridge, New York City
							by Andreas Komodromos
The Williamsburg Bridge in New York City, connecting Lower Manhattan with Brooklyn.
Andreas Komodromos Photostream
The Bridges of New York City
wants to stay, must leave
							by Photography by Bytegirl
NYC Nights - Domino Park . . . June 11th, 2018
The newest Brooklyn based waterfront park, Domino, opened on June 10th, 2018 . . . Located alongside the Williamsburg Bridge, the site had been occupied by a monstrous complex devoted to sugar manufacturing (Domino) . . . Transforming into residential palaces (ongoing), the waterfront was converted into a park . . . Nice to roam around an area that had been off limits to only a select few beforehand . . . 
Williamsburg Bridge #3
via the Williamsburg Bridge
							by instant satisfaction
A combination of a lightning strike captured in Jersey City, NJ and a shot of the night skyline in New York City from the Observation Deck at the Top of the Rock, Rockefeller Center in New York City (NYC).  
To view all images in larger sizes and to download, purchase, or license please click here: 
Un tantino tetra questa cartolina, ehn.
il Brooklyn Bridge, il Manhattan Bridge,
e quel cosino in fondo in fondo il Williamsburg Bridge [ 
Quello di Brooklyn è uno dei più antichi ponti sospesi del mondo.
Lungo 1.825 metri, formato principalmente da acciaio e granito,
fu costruito fra il 1867 ed il 1883, sebbene sui piloni sia impressa la data del 1875.
Si impiega un bel po' per attraversarlo,
ma devo ammettere - e credo si sia notato - che è stata una delle esperienze più belle della settimana trascorsa a New York.
Si dice che all'interno di uno dei piloni sia nascosto un rifugio anti-atomico.
Nei film catastrofici degli ultimi anni è l'obiettivo - poverino - più preso di mira.
: arrivati a Brooklyn vi accoglie un cartello stradale,
Welcome to Brooklyn. How Sweet It Is!
Williamsburg Walk [Explored - 2013.03.31]
and Manhattan was framed by Williamsburg
See this in all of its printed glory: solo exhibition running through Aug 31, 11-6 @ 548 W 28 St NYC :)
Manhattan bridge and Williamsburg bridge
Sigma 10-20 f/4-5.6 (click to see all my photos with this lens)
Sunset in Downtown Manhattan (New York, USA. Gustavo Thomas © 2014)
Sunset in Downtown Manhattan (New York, USA. Gustavo Thomas © 2014)
							by Photography by Bytegirl
							by Maria Gemma - A Passionate Photographer
Three Bridges visible in this image cross the East-River; the Williamsburg Bridge, The Manhattan Bridge and the Brooklyn Bridge in the foreground.
The Williamsburg Bridge is a suspension bridge in New York City across the East River connecting the Lower East Side of Manhattan with the Williamsburg neighborhood of Brooklyn near the Brooklyn-Queens Expressway.
The Manhattan Bridge is a suspension bridge that crosses the East River in New York City.
Connecting Lower Manhattan with Brooklyn.
The Brooklyn Bridge is one of the oldest suspension bridges in the United States. Completed in 1883, it connects the boroughs of Manhattan and Brooklyn by spanning the East River.
This image was taken from the South Street Seaport Pier in Lower Manhattan.
Thank you for your comments, I truly appreciate them.
Copyright ©Maria Gemma June, 2014, All Rights Reserved, Worldwide.
Please do not download my photographs nor use them without my permission
Fiboro Bridges - East River
Had taken this shot a week or so prior to my big vacation and it sat there and sat there. I'm not extremely proud of it since I've done better....but I'll admit I really need to hone my night-time photo taking skills quite a bit.
Pictured here is the Brooklyn Bridge, Manhattan Bridge and far beyond the Williamsburg Bridge.
Diana + // Fujichrome 100, cross-processed. New York City, April 2012.
							by Ornickarr Greenbarrow
Williamsburg Bridge, N.Y.
Admins choice - July 2011 in WoW. Thanks!
one final shot from the Williamsburg bridge at sunrise series.
I'll be away from flickr for a couple of weeks but will catchup with all of you when I return...
A combination of a striking sunset in pink, yellows, and blues as well as the view of the dusk skyline in New York City (NYC) from the Observation Deck at the Top of the Rock, Rockefeller Center.
134 milliseconds is the time it takes light to travel around the world.
To view in larger sizes and to download, purchase, or license please click here:  
Images from the Top of the Rock...
Low level #brooklyn #ny #nyc #williamsburgbridge #williamsburg #concrete #travel #travels #traveller #travelling #wander #wanderlust #walking #foottravel #sun #monday
Brooklyn Bridge spans across the East River
Photo taken in April, 2007
On this gorgeous day of which we've had so few this Spring I chose to head on over to my fave spot where I can capture these three bridges: The Brooklyn Bridge, The Manhattan Bridge and the Williamsburg Bridge.
NYC East River Transport
Here is the New York Water Taxi which I'm ashamed to say I've yet to board upon. 'though give me time for I will and I'll probably get hooked!
Another important note is this: I never realised until I'd gotten home to check out my photos and see how the cables were missing from the left hand side of the bridge: Williamsburg Bridge (certifiably the ugliest bridge to reside upon New York City waters!).
Anyhow, I kept doing quite the double-take of my own photos to see if this was some sort of anomaly and no, it isn't. After looking through Google News I'd found out how this bridge is undergoing quite the huge reconstruction project (8 billion dollars!)....duh! So there you have it? 
Walking Path on Williamsburg Bridge (New York, USA. Gustavo Thomas © 2014)
Walking Path on Williamsburg Bridge (New York, USA. Gustavo Thomas © 2014)
brooklyn bridge at twilight prescan
schneider 72mm super angulon xl
bigger version (3600px).
Look up on Williamsburg bridge | #lookupseries #williamsburgbridge #nyc #newyorkcity #streetart
Under the Williamsburg Bridge
Shot from the Manhattan side looking across the East River to Williamsburg Brooklyn.
							by Marie-France Ganansia
Carlight, Shiplight, Moonlight.
I was on my way home recently after shooting the Manhattan Bridge when I saw the moon, and had to stop to shoot this. Similar to a shot I took previously, but this one looks in the opposite direction, looking north. That ship was moving ultra slow, which is why we can see it at all!
subway to Williamsburg