North & South America tours & holidays
« back to all  itineraries
Venture through some of Americas most important sites and monuments in this 8 day journey. Explore the concrete jungle of New York city with the likes of the Statue of Liberty, Empire State Building, Times Square and many more. Travel over to the majestic Niagara Falls to feel its rush (or frozen during the winter). Visit the capital city, Washington DC home to one of the most powerful government in the world.
Enjoy breathtaking views of amazing Niagara Falls 
Explore the "city that never sleeps”
Visit the iconic landmarks of federal goverment
Upon arrival at New York , join the shuttle transfer to your hotel. 
After check - in, enjoy the rest of the day at own leisure
This morning, explore the city of New York with Hop On Hop Off Big Bus Tour pass. The tour gives you access to the Down-town, Uptown and Midtown Loops to explore all Manhanttan has to offer. The famous landmarks for this tour would be Times Square , Empire State Building, world famous Brooklyn Bridge, Central Park, Hudson River at Pier 84 and much more.
New York – Niagara Falls 
Today, depart from the Big Apple heading north where will pass the beautiful Finger Lake Region. Then, continue to   Niagara Falls passing Seneca Lake, arriving in the late after-noon. Tour the American Falls, Goat Island & Sister Island. At night, enjoy the colourful lighting of the waters. Overnight in Niagara Falls.
Niagar Falls  - New York (US Side only) 
Today, depart from New York heading north where you will visit Corning Museum. Then, continue to Niagara Falls passing Sen-eca Lake, arriving in the late afternoon. Before check in to hotel, enjoy Illumination of the Falls, the colourful lighting of the wa-ters. Overnight in Niagara Falls.
Niagara Falls - New York 
Check out from hotel. Have an option to see the Niagara Falls IMAX Adventure Movie and ride the Jet Boat (winter). In the af-ternoon free on your own leisure.
New York - Washington DC
After check out from hotel, make your own way to Pennsylvania Station to board the train to Washington DC. Upon arrival, transfer yourselves to Washington DC hotel.
This morning step aboard our coach at U.S Navy Memorial for the DC in a City Tour. Visit the Capital building , White House, Smithsonian Museums, New World War II memorial,FBI build-ing, Washington Monument and much more.
The day is flexible for your own activities. 
The entrance to Madame Tusssauds Washington DC included. Take the opportunity to take selfies with life –like wax figures of world renowned celebrities, political historical and cultural icons.
Today the journey ends with airport transfer to board your re-turn flight.
 — Semi-private and/or self-guided sightseeing tours with free time to explore.
We can customise your experience by adding, removing or rearranging sightseeing tours
You won't be travelling in a group for the whole journey, so you can change accommodation or the length of stay.
Request a quote now » 
to discuss your tour with a specialist
Whitehouse Washington DC 
Madame Tussauds Washington DC 
FBI Building Washington 
We can provide international flights if required.
 international flights to or from the starting and ending cities.
Is your budget less than RM4,664 per person?
We can still help you
Our prices indicate how much this particular itinerary will cost at a certain level of accommodation. Tell us your requirements and we will try to adjust the tour to fit within your budget.
Here are some suggestions that we can use to reduce the cost of your holiday:
Travel during off-peak seasons
Arrange a shorter trip
Reduce the amount of guided sightseeing to allow you to explore on your own
Find cheaper accommodation
Try to find some friends to travel with, as travelling with more people will generally decrease the cost per person
Tell us your travel requirements and we will tailor a package to suit your needs. We generally offer holidays that are a minimum of one week.
            If you are looking for shorter, more local holidays, take a look at our other website 
 DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel New York City - Financial District 
in 8 Stone St, New York, NY 10004, USA
 Hilton Garden Inn Washington DC  
 Holiday Inn Manhattan-Financial District 
 Embassy Row Washington 
in 2015 Massachusetts Avenue NorthWest, Northwest, Washington, DC 20036, USA
Is your budget more than RM4,695 per person?
We can make your trip extra special
Our prices indicate how much this particular itinerary will cost at a certain level of accommodation. If you budget is higher, we can tailor your holiday to make it more memorable.
Here are some suggestions we can make:
Include return First or Business class flights
Increase the length of stay, either before or after a tour
Go on additional excursions or tours
Sleep in higher standards of accommodation, or larger suites
Travel during peak seasons
Tell us your travel requirements and we will tailor a package to suit your needs.
Our prices shown is a broad indication of how much a trip will cost. It depends on many factors such as when you want to travel.
To find out exactly how much a trip will cost, send us a 
The prices are on a twin sharing basis. To see what else this tour includes, please read the 
We can also provide return flights from Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia or anywhere else in the world.
The hotels listed here are subject to availability. We may offer hotels of similar quality and location instead.
Send in your request either by using the form on the right or by calling us on +603 2142 0222. Tell us what kind of holiday you would like so we can design a holiday to suit your requirements.
After your initial enquiry, we will get back to you within 24 hours. We may need to ask you for more details or to offer some suggestions and advice on your tour to suit your interests and budget.
We will then work together with you to further refine your holiday until you get exactly what you want. We will then send you a detailed itinerary by email along with a quote.
Once you are satisfied you can confirm your holiday. We will keep in touch with you to make sure you are ready for your holiday, or if you have any additional questions.
Frequently asked questions
You can call us on Monday to Friday, 9am to 6pm.
Do you offer insurance? 
We offer comprehensive insurance coverage with all our tours. However you can opt for your own coverage if you wish.
Why can't I organise this trip myself?
You can. However what we can offer is the reassurance of our professional service so you don't have to worry if anything goes wrong. For example, if a flight is delayed, it is up to us to rearrange the flight.
We handle all your problems, leaving you time to enjoy your holiday.
When do you want to go? 
Be as specific or general as you want.
What kind of accommodation? 
Deluxe option (about RM4,664 per person)
First class option (about RM4,695 per person)
See the price tab for more details
Do you need flights?  (Optional) 
If you want return flights, tell us from where
What do you want to do on holiday? 
Tell us any specific requirements you may have. Such as any additions or changes you want to make to the itinerary. If have already booked flight, tell us too.
Trinidadian or Tobagonian
Hotels require this, by providing this we can give a more accurate quote
This question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions.
What code is in the image? 
Enter the characters shown in the image.
Leave this field blank 
How to book your holiday
« back to all  itineraries
 (weekdays 9am-6pm) to discuss this tour
Photos: Images licensed under 
Creative Commons (cc-by-3.0)
Sign up for our free newsletter
Receive news, travel stories, photos and offers every month
33 Jalan Sultan Ismail
50250 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Copyright © 2018 Sedunia Travel Services Sdn. Bhd. (30240-V) (KKKP No: 0019) |