                   Time Out United States
                            Get the best of your city in our newsletter, as often as you like
                                Please enter a valid email
By entering your email address you agree to our 
Awesome, you're subscribed!
Thanks for subscribing! Look out for your first newsletter in your inbox soon!
The Time Out USA news
The Time Out USA news
Your up-to-the-minute guide to the best of food, drink, entertainment and travel throughout the U.S.
                18 photos of this weekend's March for Our Lives across the country
This past Saturday, millions of people marched to protest gun violence and call for gun control all across the country during the March for Our Lives. From Washington, D.C. to New York, Miami, Austin and everywhere in-between, Americans remembered those lost during the February 14 shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, and all other victims of gun violence—demanding for the government to take action. Below, find photos of the protestors from all over America:
A post shared by Megan Donovan☀️🌙 Creator (@megs.donovan) on Mar 25, 2018 at 4:20pm PDT
A post shared by MarchForOurLivesAustin (@marchforourlivesaustin) on Mar 24, 2018 at 5:25pm PDT
A post shared by The Boston Globe (@bostonglobe) on Mar 24, 2018 at 10:30am PDT
A post shared by twopenguins (@twopenguins) on Mar 26, 2018 at 9:41am PDT
A post shared by Steve Wagner (@wagner2924) on Mar 25, 2018 at 7:36am PDT
A post shared by Westword (@denverwestword) on Mar 26, 2018 at 9:45am PDT
A post shared by Kim (@ktrayn78) on Mar 24, 2018 at 10:58am PDT
A post shared by Phoebe Krueger (@photosbypho) on Mar 25, 2018 at 10:40pm PDT
A post shared by stephanie wexler (@wexlone) on Mar 24, 2018 at 6:39pm PDT
A post shared by Jonathan Decamps (@jonatha
                Isle of Dogs is the one new movie you should definitely watch this weekend
Fans of Wes Anderson, rejoice! The prolific director's newest flick, Isle of Dogs, is hitting theaters today.
In addition to Anderson's latest piece of stop-motion animation, our very own movie critic Joshua Rothkopf suggests watching four other relatively new films in the upcoming days (if you haven't yet, of course).
Grab your MoviePass and head to the nearest theater—here are the five movies to watch this weekend:
Wes Anderson’s latest piece of stop-motion animation after Fantastic Mr. Fox brings the quirk (naturally) but weds it to a timely story of refugee camaraderie. Local theaters; opens Fri 23 Read our full review
Same-sex high school attraction gets the modern treatment it deserves in this winning adaptation of a widely read YA novel. It’s that rare movie that improves upon its source. Local theaters; now playing  Read our full review
From the creator of Veep (and equally as vicious), Armando Iannucci’s lacerating comedy lampoons Stalinist Russia to within an inch of its life. Local theaters; now playing  Read our full review
A film about extremely wealthy Connecticut teens with bad impulses, this comedy has a steely sheen. While you’re howling at how mean it is, shed a tear for the late Anton Yelchin, giving his final (and best) performance. Local theaters; now playing Read our full review
Natalie Portman squares off against an alien presence
Photograph: Beth Dubber/Netflix
                The second season of 13 Reasons Why will include a warning video
Back in March of 2017, when 13 Reasons Why—a TV show based on the eponymous 2007 novel written by Jay Asher discussing teen suicide, violence and rape—premiered on Netflix, discussions erupted both online and off regarding the way that such sensitive material was presented and dealt with on screen. Did the episodes embrace and glorify suicide? Did they elicit the sort of conversations that could potentially prevent such tragedies from occurring or did they seem to promise fame and screen time to a youth battling psychological traumas? 
Gearing up for the premiere of the show's second season (no debut date has been yet announced), Netflix released the results of a study commissioned alongside Northwestern University's Center on Media and Human Development whose objective was to analyze the show's impact on its younger viewers.
The results of the research led to one major update ahead of the new episodes: At the start of each new season, viewers will now be treated to a custom intro featuring the show's cast—all out of character—discussing how to get support for the issues presented on the show. The streaming giant also announced the premiere of a new after show that will feature "actors, experts and educators who helped inform [the show's] approach" and a viewing guide on 13ReasonsWhy.info "to help parents and teens start these tough conversations."
Here are some interesting highlights from the report—which you can read in full right here:
- Nearly three quarters o
Photograph: Shutterstock/Ryan DeBerardinis
                This map shows where the highest paid people in the country live
Ah, money—where does it live? According to an interactive map developed by Property Shark, a real estate site, the folks that earn most money across the country live in (drum roll, please) New York City's Greenwich Village and Soho areas. Picture us not surprised.
The company analyzed 2016 census data to come up with both the map and a list of the 100 highest-earning zip codes in the country. It then measured a zip code's median home price to figure out whether or not the folks earning most money actually live in the most expensive areas. Interestingly enough... That's not the case!
Here is what the report came up with:- The majority of the priciest zip codes are on the West Coast- The majority of the highest earning zip codes are on the East Coast- Only 27 of the most expensive zip codes rank within the 100 highest-earning ones
What does that all mean? The richest people in the country don't necessarily live in the country's priciest neighborhoods.
Take a look at the map:
1. 10013 (Greenwich Village/Soho, New York)2. 10007 (Tribeca, New York)3. 94957 (Ross, California)4. 94028 (Portola Valley, California)5. 10282 (Tribeca, New York)6. 10006 (Financial District, New York)7. 94503 (Stanford, California)8. 07078 (Short Hills, New Jersey)9. 92145 (San Diego, California)10. 10514 (Chappaqua, New York)11. 60603 (Chicago, Illinois)12. 94027 (Atherton, California)13. 06878 (Riverside, Connecticut)14. 22027 (Dunn Loring, Virginia)15. 06820 (Darien Connecticut)16. 92657 (Newpor
Photograph: Dairy Queen
                Dairy Queen and Rita’s Italian Ices are giving out free treats today
Happy first day of spring and International Day of Happiness, America!
Since there ain't nothing that makes most people as happy as free food does, Rita's Italian Ices and Dairy Queen are celebrating the specialness that is March 20 by giving out delicious free treats all day long.
Let's start with Dairy Queen: The chain is giving out one small vanilla ice cream cone to all customers (there is a limit of one per person) while also collecting donations for the Children's Miracle Network Hospitals (do the right thing: Donate!). Find the closest Dairy Queen location right here.
Rita's Italian Ice is offering free Italian ices to all patrons, who will also get to choose their preferred flavor. Find a location near you here.
Both deals come with no strings attached, which means you don't need to buy something, use a coupon or take advantage of some sort of reward program to enjoy the delicacies. Happy cheat-on-our-diets day!
                Love, Simon is the one new movie you need to watch this weekend
Itching to use that MoviePass of yours this weekend? You're in luck: Love, Simon—a great adaptation of a YA novel—opens today. 
If you have yet to catch up on other films that have been on our radar this past month, you've got an array of them to choose from: From Natalie Portman's Annihilation to the widely discussed Black Panther, the theater is currently home to a whole bunch of good movies.
Here are the five you should watch this weekend (as suggested by our resident film critic Joshua Rothkopf), if you haven't already:
Same-sex high school attraction gets the modern treatment it deserves in this winning adaptation of a widely read YA novel. It’s that rare movie that improves upon its source. Local theaters; opens Fri 16 Read our full review
From the creator of Veep (and equally as vicious), Armando Iannucci’s lacerating comedy lampoons Stalinist Russia to within an inch of its life. Local theaters; now playing Read our full review
A film about extremely wealthy Connecticut teens with bad impulses, this comedy has a steely sheen. While you’re howling at how mean it is, shed a tear for the late Anton Yelchin, giving his final (and best) performance. Local theaters; now playing Read our full review
Natalie Portman squares off against an alien presence in a rare example of Hollywood sci-fi–horror thoughtfulness, directed by Ex Machina’s Alex Garland. Only the U.S. gets this i
Photograph: Courtesy CC/Flickr/EDDIE
            News, Transport & Travel
                A new JetBlue flash sale is offering cross-country flights for $34
JetBlue does it again: The airline's latest spring flash sale includes incredibly cheap flights to and from some of the happiest cities across the country.
As usual, restrictions apply: You'll have to book your trip by Friday, March 16 (tomorrow!) at 11:59pm ET or local time (whichever comes first). You'll also have to travel between March 27 and June 20—but beware of blackout dates (May 22 through May 30).
So, where would you like to fly to? Here are some standout deals:
- A $34 flight from Long Beach to Oakland- A $59 flight from Boston to New York- A $79 flight from Fort Lauderdale to Austin- A $114 flight from San Juan (Puerto Rico) to New York- A $174 flight from Orlando to Santo Domingo (Dominican Republic)- A $199 flight from Burbank to New York
Looking to really splurge? Book the most expensive flights on offer, all departing from New York and directed to Curacao, San Diego and Port-au-Prince—for $204 each.
Browse through the entire flash sale right here. 
Photograph: Shutterstock/Jason Donnelly
                The United States is the 18th happiest country in the world
The United Nations' Sustainable Development Solutions Network published its annual World Happiness Report and, surprise surprise, the United States did not even make the top ten. Falling to 18th place—from last year's 14th ranking—the country beats out the United Kingdom, France and Chile, but lags behind Israel, Canada and Australia.
The European Nordic nations, who have topped the list since its 2012 inception, still rank as the happiest ones on the planet. This year, Finland reached the top spot, moving last year's number one, Norway, to second place.
Burundi was named the least happy country. 
The World Happiness Report is based on a country's level of corruption, life expectancy, social support and more. 
Here is the top 20 (browse through the entire list of 156 countries right here):
1. Finland2. Norway3. Denmark4. Iceland5. Switzerland6. Netherlands7. Canada8. New Zealand9. Sweden10. Australia11. Israel12. Austria13. Costa Rica14. Ireland15. Germany16. Belgium17. Luxemburg18. United States19. United Kingdom20. United Arab Emirates
For the first time ever, this year's index also ranked countries by the levels of happiness and wellbeing of its immigrant population.
Here are the top 20 happiest countries for the foreign-born:
1. Finland2. Denmark3. Norway4. Iceland5. New Zealand6. Australia7. Canada8. Sweden9. Switzerland10. Mexico11. Netherlands12. Israel13. Ireland14. Austria15. United States16. Oman17. Luxemburg18. Costa Rica19. United Arab Emirates20. United K
Photograph: Andrew Fladeboe
                Restaurant bucket list: Here are the 2018 James Beard Awards finalists
As if our food-related bucket list wasn't long enough: The 2018 James Beard Awards—which highlight the very best in cooking, restaurant design, food journalism and cookbook authorship—are taking place in Chicago on May 7 and the list of finalists was just released.
For the first time ever, following the #MeToo movement that has taken over entire industries across the country, the Foundation behind the awards asked its voting committee to take behavior into consideration when making suggestions. The judges received the following directive: "If you have concerns about a chef, restaurateur or beverage professional, or about the culture around a restaurant or restaurant group, leave the person or business out of your nominations."
Below, we highlight the nominees in the Restaurant and Chef Awards categories. Want to scroll through the entire list, including the design, book and journalism categories? Check it out right here.
Best New Restaurant:A restaurant opened in the calendar year before the award will be given that already displays excellence in food, beverage, and service, and that is likely to make a significant impact in years to come.
The Charter Oak, St. Helena, CAEmpellón Midtown, NYCFelix Trattoria, Venice, CAJuneBaby, SeattleKismet, Los Angeles
Outstanding Baker:A chef or baker who prepares breads, pastries or desserts in a retail bakery, and who serves as a national standard-bearer of excellence. Must have been a baker or pastry chef for at least five years.
                Students around the country are protesting gun violence during today's National School Walkout
Students activists nationwide are raising awareness about gun violence today, hoping to spur lawmakers into action, during the #Enough National School Walkout.
Happening on the one-month anniversary of the mass shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida—when a former student used a legally purchased AR-15 rifle to shoot and kill 17 people—the event is organized by the youth arm of Women's March—the nonprofit behind the January 2017 and 2018 demonstrations.
Over 2,8000 walkouts are scheduled across the country at 10am in each time zone.
The Parkland students, who have been actively pursuing gun reforms since the school shooting, are also organizing March For Our Lives, a protest that will take place on March 24 in Washington, D.C. calling for gun violence legislation.
Here are some images of the walkouts that have already occurred across the country: 
Alabama School for the Blind #NationalSchoolWalkout Looking around at all of the innocent faces of the kids I would do anything for, I can’t imagine the horror those victims in Parkland, Sandy Hook, Orlando, Aurora, Las Vegas, Virginia Tech, Columbine, and the countless other places mass shootings have taken place must have felt. No child should EVER have to fear for their life when they go to school to learn. #TimesUp for the killing. #NeverAgain #Enough #GunReformNow
A post shared by  Whitney Champion (@whitchamp) on Mar 14, 2018 at 8:21am PDT
Books not Bullets #nation
Want to blog for Time Out?
                Blog for Time Out USA
We’re looking for unique, dynamic voices from coast to coast and in between to contribute to Time Out USA. Got what it takes?
                            Sign up to Time Out’s newsletter to get more of the same straight to your inbox, as often as you like
                                Please enter a valid email
By entering your email address you agree to our 
Awesome, you're subscribed!
Thanks for subscribing! Look out for your first newsletter in your inbox soon!
                    Time Out United States
© 2018 Time Out America LLC and affiliated companies owned by Time Out Group Plc. All rights reserved. Time Out is a registered trademark of Time Out America LLC.
          Get the best of your city
            Get the best of your city
            Awesome, you're subscribed! Thank you and look out for your first newsletter in your inbox soon!
            Oops - something went wrong. Please try again
By entering your email address you agree to our 
Our site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our 
. You can also manage your 